focusing/habits.md, before:

# Habits

I use [Streaks](https://streaksapp.com) iOS app to track my essential life habits.

![](https://i.imgur.com/SvGbgFs.jpg)

The 6 habits are an essential subset of more general [rules](rules.md) I want to follow in life.

## Habits described

`Sleep 8 hours` is autofilled through my health data. I get notification at `22:20` to remind me it's time for sleep & checking in habits I completed today.

`Cardio / Weights` is autofilled through my health data. It includes workout minutes from running/cycling & bodyweight/lifting workouts. Bodyweight/lifting is tracked with [Strong](https://strong.app) & [Streaks Workout](https://streaksworkout.com) apps. It also includes yoga (tracked with [Down Dog](https://www.downdogapp.com)).

`Activity rings` is autofilled through my health data and is marked as done when all the ring goals are complete. My current calorie goal is 750 calories with fixed 30 min workout & 12H standing goals.

`Nutritious Plants | Water` is marked as done when I drank only water/tea/coffee (no added sugar) & ate only [nutritious whole foods (nuts/veggies/fruits)](../health/nutrition/foods.md) with focus on completing my micro & macro nutrient goals. It includes consuming my [daily supplements](../health/nutrition/supplements.md).

`Impact | Simplify | Calm` is marked as done when I felt my work was impactful towards my goals. All of my values and rules were held. I further simplified things and cut out noise from my life to focus on creating and capturing value. It also means I was calm and mindful throughout the day. No anxieties and no inhibitions.

`Focus | Make/Learn` is marked as done when I didn't get distracted from tasks I assigned myself to do & worked on [one task at a time](../research/solving-problems.md). I spent the time making things (ideas/art/..) & learning. I track time spent with [Timing](../macOS/apps/timing.md) & [WakaTime](https://wakatime.com).

## Notes

- I think learning how to break habits is actually a very important meta skill and can serve you in life almost better than anything else.

## Links

- [Ask HN: Is there a new habit you cultivated recently that is really paying off? (2018)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17291127)
- [Habits vs. Goals: A Look at the Benefits of a Systematic Approach to Life](https://fs.blog/2017/06/habits-vs-goals/)

Commit message:

SUMMARY analytics funding computer-graphics svg data-science fonts icons strength-training focusing habits rules foods nutrition supplements looking-back timing neural-networks buddhism newsletters web-presence wiki-workflow python software-architecture my-workflow tracking sleep sublime-text-plugins vim-plugins vs-code-extensions tools communication

focusing/habits.md, after:

# Habits

I once used [Streaks](https://streaksapp.com) iOS app to track my essential life habits.

![](https://i.imgur.com/SvGbgFs.jpg)

The 6 habits are an essential subset of more general [rules](rules.md) I want to follow in life. I don't use the app any more as these habits are fully ingrained into my lifestyle.

## Habits described

`Sleep 8 hours` is autofilled through my health data.

`Cardio / Weights` is autofilled through my health data. It includes workout minutes from running/cycling & bodyweight/lifting workouts. Bodyweight/lifting is tracked with [Strong](https://strong.app) & [Streaks Workout](https://streaksworkout.com) apps. It also includes yoga (tracked with [Down Dog](https://www.downdogapp.com)).

`Activity rings` is autofilled through my health data and is marked as done when all the ring goals are complete. My current calorie goal is 750 calories with fixed 30 min workout & 12H standing goals.

`Nutritious Plants | Water` is marked as done when I drank only water/tea/coffee (no added sugar) & ate only [nutritious whole foods (nuts/veggies/fruits)](../health/nutrition/foods.md) with focus on completing my micro & macro nutrient goals. It includes consuming my [daily supplements](../health/nutrition/supplements.md).

`Impact | Simplify | Calm` is marked as done when I felt my work was impactful towards my goals. All of my values and rules were held. I further simplified things and cut out noise from my life to focus on creating and capturing value. It also means I was calm and mindful throughout the day. No anxieties and no inhibitions.

`Focus | Make/Learn` is marked as done when I didn't get distracted from tasks I assigned myself to do & worked on [one task at a time](../research/solving-problems.md). I spent the time making things (ideas/art/..) & learning.

## Building new habits (rules)

Nowadays I learn new habits proactively by building systems and thought processes that lead me in [directions](../focusing/themes.md) I want to go. Everything is built around refined [rules](../focusing/rules.md) & [processes](../focusing/processes.md).

## Notes

- I think learning how to break habits is actually a very important meta skill and can serve you in life almost better than anything else.

## Links

- [Ask HN: Is there a new habit you cultivated recently that is really paying off? (2018)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17291127)
- [Habits vs. Goals: A Look at the Benefits of a Systematic Approach to Life](https://fs.blog/2017/06/habits-vs-goals/)
