focusing/themes.md, before:

# Focus themes

My main focus in life is as mentioned in [rules](rules.md). Make. Write. Design. Share.

Most of it boils down to working on impactful to me ideas by breaking them down into a series of tasks. Below are some [themes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVGuFdX5guE) I want to focus on in general strokes. Some of it may be inspired by my [future predictions](../future/future.md).

## Clean 2Do down to < 500 tasks

Currently it holds 4900 tasks. over 3500 of them are read-later links I have left before moving to Pocket.

This also includes closing GitHub issues I have open on my GitHub repos. Everything done as sorted by priority.

## Learn Anything

Make the best tool for learning anything and sharing ideas.

## Rekki

Make the best tool for chefs/suppliers.

## Health

As rules state, I should eat healthy and exercise as part of my routine life. This is more of an ongoing theme but want to give this more focus as I am 24 now and healthy habits stick around and should become core part of my lifestyle.

## Go deep

Dive deep into technology I use. Understand each layer of the stack intimately. Can only understand it by [building](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/build-to-learn).

Commit message:

README build-systems bezier-curves kafka sql focusing themes clojure go-libraries algebraic-effects unix writing

focusing/themes.md, after:

# Focus themes

My main focus in life is as mentioned in [rules](rules.md). Make. Write. Design. Share.

Most of it boils down to working on impactful to me ideas by breaking them down into a series of tasks. Below are some [themes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVGuFdX5guE) I want to focus on in general strokes. Some of it may be inspired by my [future predictions](../future/future.md).

## Clean up 2Do/GitHub tasks to < 500

Currently 2Do holds 4900 tasks. Over 3500 of them are read-later links I have left before moving to Pocket. I want to clear up the list to < 500.

This includes closing GitHub issues that are of priority to me. Beyond this I want to also clear Telegram Saved Messages & start clearing up Pocket list too after 2Do is done. Everything should be actionable and done with purpose & priority.

## Learn Anything

Make the best tool for learning anything and sharing ideas.

## Rekki

Make the best tool for chefs/suppliers.

## Health

As rules state, I should eat healthy and exercise as part of my routine life. This is more of an ongoing theme but want to give this more focus as I am 24 now and healthy habits stick around and should become core part of my lifestyle.

## Go deep

Dive deep into technology I use. Understand each layer of the stack intimately. Can only understand it by [building](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/build-to-learn).

## Minimize & refine tools

I want to deeply focus on building and extending tools to solve well defined problems I have. I want to further automate and optimize any frictions I feel in life & work to free up time and energy to do creative problem solving.

## Read long form

Read books & research papers relevant to problems I want to solve. This means reading long form writing where prolonged focus is needed. Note down and act on gained insights.

## Write & share

Rebuild my personal website & have my own hosted blog I can extend (with RSS feed). Start writing to it. Share tools/projects details on my website.
