macOS/apps/xcode/xcode.md, before:

# [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/)

## Notes

- ["Run without building" has saved me so much time, it's ridiculous](https://twitter.com/DonnyWals/status/1215196512851984385)
- [Use different colours for the console output to make the log output easier to reason about](https://twitter.com/dasdom/status/1221043873553641473)

## Links

- [XcodeGen](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen) - Command line tool that generates your Xcode project from a spec file and your folder structure.
- [Code themes](http://www.codethemes.net/)
- [Xcode shortcuts for small screens](http://www.jontelang.com/blog/2016/01/12/xcode-shortcuts-for-small-screens.html)
- [Improving Your Build Time in Xcode 10](https://patrickbalestra.com/blog/2018/08/27/improving-your-build-time-in-xcode-10.html)
- [Xgen](https://github.com/JohnSundell/Xgen) - Swift package for generating Xcode workspaces & playgrounds.
- [NoMoreTypo](https://github.com/shiba1014/NoMoreTypo) - Typo checker for Xcode.
- [Struct](https://github.com/lyptt/struct) - Tool for iOS and Mac developers to automate the creation and management of Xcode projects.
- [XcodeProj](https://github.com/tuist/xcodeproj) - Read, update and write your Xcode projects.
- [WWDC: Getting Started with Xcode (2019)](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2019/404/)
- [index-import](https://github.com/lyft/index-import) - Tool to import swiftc and clang index-store files into Xcode.
- [Tuist](https://github.com/tuist/tuist) - Create, maintain, and interact with Xcode projects at scale.
- [Unused images and resources clean up in Xcode (2019)](https://www.avanderlee.com/optimization/unused-images-clean-up/)
- [HackMan](https://github.com/Cosmo/HackMan) - Stop writing boilerplate code yourself. Let hackman do it for you via the command line.
- [xcbeautify](https://github.com/thii/xcbeautify) - Little beautifier tool for xcodebuild.
- [Tulsi](https://github.com/bazelbuild/tulsi) - Xcode Project Generator For Bazel.
- [xcdiff](https://github.com/bloomberg/xcdiff) - Tool which helps you diff xcodeproj files.
- [LSUnusedResources](https://github.com/tinymind/LSUnusedResources) - Mac App to find unused images and resources in XCode project.
- [xcbuildkit](https://github.com/jerrymarino/xcbuildkit) - Framework to extend or replace Xcode's build system. No plugins needed.
- [XCLogParser](https://github.com/spotify/XCLogParser) - Tool to parse the SLF serialization format used by Xcode and xcodebuild to store its Build and Test logs (xcactivitylog).
- [xcode-open-on-github](https://github.com/wojteklu/xcode-open-on-github) - Quick Actions for Xcode to jump to a source code line on Github or copy GitHub link to clipboard.
- [HappyCoding](https://happycoding.app/) - Make Xcode happy. Simplify your iOS & macOS development.
- [xcinfo](https://github.com/xcodereleases/xcinfo) - Install as many Xcodes at once as you can.
- [SPMPlaygrounds](https://github.com/finestructure/SPMPlayground) - Command line tool to create an Xcode project with a Playground and an SPM library ready for use in it.
- [Xcode Project Linter (xcprojectlint)](https://github.com/americanexpress/xcprojectlint) - Provides a security blanket, ensuring neither your co-workers, nor git screw up your Xcode project file.
- [Xclean](https://github.com/macmade/Xclean) - macOS menu bar app that provides a convenient way to clear Xcode's derived data or module cache.
- [Chalkboard Xcode Theme](https://github.com/lobianco/Chalkboard-Xcode-Theme)
- [Xcode Build Configuration Files (2020)](https://nshipster.com/xcconfig/)
- [Xcode Build Settings](https://xcodebuildsettings.com/)
- [Downloader for Apple Developers](https://github.com/vineetchoudhary/Downloader-for-Apple-Developers) - Download Xcode and other developer tools up to 16 times faster.
- [Common Xcode configuration files/settings](https://github.com/xcconfigs/xcconfigs)
- [Xcode Build Time Optimization (2020)](https://www.onswiftwings.com/posts/build-time-optimization-part1/) ([Code](https://github.com/sgl0v/OnSwiftWings))
- [Mastering the assistant editor in Xcode 11 (2020)](https://www.avanderlee.com/xcode/xcode-assistant-editor/)
- [Transmog](https://github.com/inket/Transmog) - Command-line tool for converting VSCode themes into Xcode themes.
- [SwiftLee's Xcode posts](https://www.avanderlee.com/category/xcode/)
- [xcode-ast-dump](https://github.com/keith/xcode-ast-dump) - Simple script for dumping the Swift AST from within Xcode.
- [DevCleaner](https://github.com/vashpan/xcode-dev-cleaner) - Reclaim tens of gigabytes of your storage used for various Xcode caches.

Commit message:

css-in-js coffee xcode nlp svelte vs-code-extensions

macOS/apps/xcode/xcode.md, after:

# [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/)

## Notes

- ["Run without building" has saved me so much time, it's ridiculous](https://twitter.com/DonnyWals/status/1215196512851984385)
- [Use different colours for the console output to make the log output easier to reason about](https://twitter.com/dasdom/status/1221043873553641473)
- [Xcode can show the view frames in a running app](https://twitter.com/dasdom/status/1254858574322372609)

## Links

- [XcodeGen](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen) - Command line tool that generates your Xcode project from a spec file and your folder structure.
- [Code themes](http://www.codethemes.net/)
- [Xcode shortcuts for small screens](http://www.jontelang.com/blog/2016/01/12/xcode-shortcuts-for-small-screens.html)
- [Improving Your Build Time in Xcode 10](https://patrickbalestra.com/blog/2018/08/27/improving-your-build-time-in-xcode-10.html)
- [Xgen](https://github.com/JohnSundell/Xgen) - Swift package for generating Xcode workspaces & playgrounds.
- [NoMoreTypo](https://github.com/shiba1014/NoMoreTypo) - Typo checker for Xcode.
- [Struct](https://github.com/lyptt/struct) - Tool for iOS and Mac developers to automate the creation and management of Xcode projects.
- [XcodeProj](https://github.com/tuist/xcodeproj) - Read, update and write your Xcode projects.
- [WWDC: Getting Started with Xcode (2019)](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2019/404/)
- [index-import](https://github.com/lyft/index-import) - Tool to import swiftc and clang index-store files into Xcode.
- [Tuist](https://github.com/tuist/tuist) - Create, maintain, and interact with Xcode projects at scale.
- [Unused images and resources clean up in Xcode (2019)](https://www.avanderlee.com/optimization/unused-images-clean-up/)
- [HackMan](https://github.com/Cosmo/HackMan) - Stop writing boilerplate code yourself. Let hackman do it for you via the command line.
- [xcbeautify](https://github.com/thii/xcbeautify) - Little beautifier tool for xcodebuild.
- [Tulsi](https://github.com/bazelbuild/tulsi) - Xcode Project Generator For Bazel.
- [xcdiff](https://github.com/bloomberg/xcdiff) - Tool which helps you diff xcodeproj files.
- [LSUnusedResources](https://github.com/tinymind/LSUnusedResources) - Mac App to find unused images and resources in XCode project.
- [xcbuildkit](https://github.com/jerrymarino/xcbuildkit) - Framework to extend or replace Xcode's build system. No plugins needed.
- [XCLogParser](https://github.com/spotify/XCLogParser) - Tool to parse the SLF serialization format used by Xcode and xcodebuild to store its Build and Test logs (xcactivitylog).
- [xcode-open-on-github](https://github.com/wojteklu/xcode-open-on-github) - Quick Actions for Xcode to jump to a source code line on Github or copy GitHub link to clipboard.
- [HappyCoding](https://happycoding.app/) - Make Xcode happy. Simplify your iOS & macOS development.
- [xcinfo](https://github.com/xcodereleases/xcinfo) - Install as many Xcodes at once as you can.
- [SPMPlaygrounds](https://github.com/finestructure/SPMPlayground) - Command line tool to create an Xcode project with a Playground and an SPM library ready for use in it.
- [Xcode Project Linter (xcprojectlint)](https://github.com/americanexpress/xcprojectlint) - Provides a security blanket, ensuring neither your co-workers, nor git screw up your Xcode project file.
- [Xclean](https://github.com/macmade/Xclean) - macOS menu bar app that provides a convenient way to clear Xcode's derived data or module cache.
- [Chalkboard Xcode Theme](https://github.com/lobianco/Chalkboard-Xcode-Theme)
- [Xcode Build Configuration Files (2020)](https://nshipster.com/xcconfig/)
- [Xcode Build Settings](https://xcodebuildsettings.com/)
- [Downloader for Apple Developers](https://github.com/vineetchoudhary/Downloader-for-Apple-Developers) - Download Xcode and other developer tools up to 16 times faster.
- [Common Xcode configuration files/settings](https://github.com/xcconfigs/xcconfigs)
- [Xcode Build Time Optimization (2020)](https://www.onswiftwings.com/posts/build-time-optimization-part1/) ([Code](https://github.com/sgl0v/OnSwiftWings))
- [Mastering the assistant editor in Xcode 11 (2020)](https://www.avanderlee.com/xcode/xcode-assistant-editor/)
- [Transmog](https://github.com/inket/Transmog) - Command-line tool for converting VSCode themes into Xcode themes.
- [SwiftLee's Xcode posts](https://www.avanderlee.com/category/xcode/)
- [xcode-ast-dump](https://github.com/keith/xcode-ast-dump) - Simple script for dumping the Swift AST from within Xcode.
- [DevCleaner](https://github.com/vashpan/xcode-dev-cleaner) - Reclaim tens of gigabytes of your storage used for various Xcode caches.
