writing/writing.md, before:

# Writing

I love writing. It is incredibly empowering. The sheer fact that I can actually put my thoughts onto paper in a way that other people can read and understand is amazing.

Paul Graham wrote a wonderful article titled [_Write like you talk_](http://www.paulgraham.com/talk.html) and I agree with it wholeheartedly. In my opinion these are the main pillars on which I try to build my writing skills upon.

## Honesty

If I don't believe in what I am saying, it is waste of both mine and the person's reading my work time. If I believe in what idea or message or thought that it is I am trying to say, writing becomes second instinct and it is much easier to translate what is in my head onto paper. Being honest with yourself may sometimes be difficult but [journaling](../life/journaling.md) often helps in this regard.

## Saying more with less

_Never use a long word where a short one will do._

I try to have my writing be as transparent as possible for the person reading it. If something can be said simply, it is best to say it, simply.

## Read

Read other people's work. Read books. Both fiction and non fiction, and get a taste to how different styles of writing can exist and how they can be used effectively.

## Don't use filler words

Always be conscious when I am writing something and try to focus on the message and remove as much fluff as possible. Words like 'really' have no place in writing as they only undermine what you said before.

## Be aware of pacing

Be aware of pacing between words and sentences. The sentences ideally should flow into one another. Breaks in form of commas and full steps are important. As they allow for the reader to take a break and absorb the point that you tried to deliver.

Replace words like `really like` with `love` or other more appropriate words that save space writing and are more relevant to what I am trying to say.

## My process in writing

I start writing all my articles by jotting down notes as dashed points below the title. Here is how that looks:

![](https://i.imgur.com/Tl92zCL.png)

I then start writing the article and try to touch on one or all of these points as I write the article. I add/remove points as I write the article.

I write all my articles, docs & notes in [Sublime Text](../text-editors/sublime-text/sublime-text.md) app and use an [Alfred workflow](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/small-workflows#workflow-augmentations) to search through this wiki & my blog.

![](https://i.imgur.com/J7vMVjA.png)

## Publishing the article

Once I wrote the article that I am quite happy with. I export the article straight to Medium with [MarkdownToMedium](https://markdowntomedium.com/). I then reread the article again in Medium's editor and fix any styling issues/mistakes that happened. After that I publish the article and share it on Twitter and other internet places.

In future I plan to move my writing off Medium as I prefer to keep the source of all articles in the open on GitHub so anyone can edit them. Plus it would let me be more creative in the kinds of things I can include in the articles.

## [Focus. Format. Framing.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mQNwL8HkS0)

- Focus
  - Short focused post is easier to both read & write.
  - Focus on making a single point.
  - If your post needs a table of contents, it's probably too large in scope.
- Format
  - Find a format that works for you. Experiment, ask for feedback & iterate.
  - A few, clear examples go a long way.
  - Headings, code samples and images can provide visual "anchor points".

![](https://i.imgur.com/vaV81G3.png)

- Framing
  - Presentation guides perception.
  - You don't have to be an expert, just don't pretend to be.
  - Topics are everywhere - just look at the problems you're solving every day.
  - Share learnings & experiences instead of "selling" things. (Don't say `I hope I convinced you to use ..`. Just share what you want to share and let the readers decide for themselves.)

## Don't use

- really
- pretty much
- quite a few
- obviously
- basically
- simply
- of course
- clearly
- just
- everyone knows
- have made (use made)
- very

## Avoid using

- a bit
- a little
- quite
- too
- though
- sort of
- kind of
- rather

## Notes

- Most adverbs are superfluous. Most cases where you say "generally" or "usually" you're undermining your point and the use of "very", "extremely", etc. are hyperbolic and breathless and make it easier to regard what you're writing as unserious.
- Examine every word: a surprising number don’t serve any purpose.
- [One of the best things about starting your career at Amazon is grooming in some fantastic values in early years of life. One of those is writing pithy, powerful documents.](https://twitter.com/nipunmehra/status/1154590521345490945)

## Links

- [A blog post about blog posts](https://medium.com/@naomi_pen/a-blog-post-about-blog-posts-4bb6a6ce0772)
- [Learnup](https://leanpub.com/) - Service to publish books.
- [TLDR of MailChimp's writing style guide](https://styleguide.mailchimp.com/tldr/)
- [You Should Write Blogs](https://sites.google.com/site/steveyegge2/you-should-write-blogs)
- [Awesome book authoring](https://github.com/TalAter/awesome-book-authoring#readme) - Collection of awesome resources for technical book authors.
- [HN: What Is The Morning Writing Effect? (2018)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18369337)
- [On self-publishing “A Programmer’s Introduction to Mathematics” (2018)](https://medium.com/@jeremyjkun/on-self-publishing-a-programmers-introduction-to-mathematics-1472b7511c99)
- [Write.as](https://write.as/) - Minimalist, privacy-focused, writing and publishing platform.
- [Typegram](https://en.tgr.am/@recoilme/1) - [Open source](https://github.com/recoilme/tgram) publishing platform.
- [Notes on writing well](https://github.com/mnielsen/notes-on-writing/blob/master/notes_on_writing.md#readme)
- [The Day You Became a Better Writer (2nd Look) (2015)](https://blog.dilbert.com/2015/08/22/the-day-you-became-a-better-writer-2nd-look/)
- [Tips for Writing a Technical Book](https://performancejs.com/post/31b361c/13-Tips-for-Writing-a-Technical-Book) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20070558))
- [Undervalued Software Engineering Skills: Writing Well (2019)](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/on-writing-well/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20061078))
- [Writing is Thinking: Learning to Write with Confidence (2019)](https://blog.stephsmith.io/learning-to-write-with-confidence/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21172686))
- [Cut out everything that’s not surprising (2019)](https://sivers.org/d22)
- [How to write a technical paper](https://homes.cs.washington.edu/~mernst/advice/write-technical-paper.html)
- [Production Guide](https://github.com/RacheltheEditor/ProductionGuide#readme) - Practical explanation of formatting and style conventions that should be consistent across Guides.
- [Amazon writing tips](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EMb7mTRVAAELtUk?format=jpg&name=medium)
- [Left](https://github.com/hundredrabbits/Left) - Distractionless Writing Tool.
- [Notes on Technical Writing (2020)](https://mkaz.blog/misc/notes-on-technical-writing/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21955306))
- [Why I Keep a Research Blog (2020)](http://gregorygundersen.com/blog/2020/01/12/why-research-blog/) - Writing has made me a better thinker and researcher. I expand on my reasons why. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22033792))
- [Epistemic statuses are lazy, and that is a good thing (2018)](https://devonzuegel.com/post/epistemic-statuses-are-lazy-and-that-is-a-good-thing)
- [It's time to start writing](https://alexnixon.github.io/2019/12/10/writing.html) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/frjnbb/it_s_time_start_writing))
- [Brandon Sanderson lecture on story telling](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4ZDBOc2tX8)
- [CFP Advice](https://www.swyx.io/writing/cfp-advice/) ([Tweet](https://twitter.com/swyx/status/1218650128585719813))
- [Set of standard document templates](https://github.com/kbariotis/templates)
- [Design: The Key to Writing (and Advising) a One-Draft Thesis](https://www.cs.tufts.edu/~nr/cs257/archive/john-carlis/one-draft.pdf)
- [How to Write Usefully (2020)](http://paulgraham.com/useful.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22381861))
- [Write a rapid prototype first](https://terrytao.wordpress.com/advice-on-writing-papers/write-a-rapid-prototype-first/)
- [Mary Dash’s Writing Tips](https://plainlanguage.gov/resources/articles/dash-writing-tips/)
- [How to Edit Your Own Writing (2020)](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/07/smarter-living/how-to-edit-your-own-writing.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22814342))
- [Practical guide to writing technical specs (2020)](https://stackoverflow.blog/2020/04/06/a-practical-guide-to-writing-technical-specs/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22799783))
- [Mise en Place Writing](https://www.swyx.io/writing/writing-mise-en-place/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22662834))
- [How to Write Like Naval Ravikant](https://letter.substack.com/p/write-like-naval)

Commit message:

memcached grpc activitypub emulators julia-libraries writing

writing/writing.md, after:

# Writing

I love writing. It is incredibly empowering. The sheer fact that I can actually put my thoughts onto paper in a way that other people can read and understand is amazing.

Paul Graham wrote a wonderful article titled [_Write like you talk_](http://www.paulgraham.com/talk.html) and I agree with it wholeheartedly. In my opinion these are the main pillars on which I try to build my writing skills upon.

## Honesty

If I don't believe in what I am saying, it is waste of both mine and the person's reading my work time. If I believe in what idea or message or thought that it is I am trying to say, writing becomes second instinct and it is much easier to translate what is in my head onto paper. Being honest with yourself may sometimes be difficult but [journaling](../life/journaling.md) often helps in this regard.

## Saying more with less

_Never use a long word where a short one will do._

I try to have my writing be as transparent as possible for the person reading it. If something can be said simply, it is best to say it, simply.

## Read

Read other people's work. Read books. Both fiction and non fiction, and get a taste to how different styles of writing can exist and how they can be used effectively.

## Don't use filler words

Always be conscious when I am writing something and try to focus on the message and remove as much fluff as possible. Words like 'really' have no place in writing as they only undermine what you said before.

## Be aware of pacing

Be aware of pacing between words and sentences. The sentences ideally should flow into one another. Breaks in form of commas and full steps are important. As they allow for the reader to take a break and absorb the point that you tried to deliver.

Replace words like `really like` with `love` or other more appropriate words that save space writing and are more relevant to what I am trying to say.

## My process in writing

I start writing all my articles by jotting down notes as dashed points below the title. Here is how that looks:

![](https://i.imgur.com/Tl92zCL.png)

I then start writing the article and try to touch on one or all of these points as I write the article. I add/remove points as I write the article.

I write all my articles, docs & notes in [Sublime Text](../text-editors/sublime-text/sublime-text.md) app and use an [Alfred workflow](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/small-workflows#workflow-augmentations) to search through this wiki & my blog.

![](https://i.imgur.com/J7vMVjA.png)

## Publishing the article

Once I wrote the article that I am quite happy with. I export the article straight to Medium with [MarkdownToMedium](https://markdowntomedium.com/). I then reread the article again in Medium's editor and fix any styling issues/mistakes that happened. After that I publish the article and share it on Twitter and other internet places.

In future I plan to move my writing off Medium as I prefer to keep the source of all articles in the open on GitHub so anyone can edit them. Plus it would let me be more creative in the kinds of things I can include in the articles.

## [Focus. Format. Framing.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mQNwL8HkS0)

- Focus
  - Short focused post is easier to both read & write.
  - Focus on making a single point.
  - If your post needs a table of contents, it's probably too large in scope.
- Format
  - Find a format that works for you. Experiment, ask for feedback & iterate.
  - A few, clear examples go a long way.
  - Headings, code samples and images can provide visual "anchor points".

![](https://i.imgur.com/vaV81G3.png)

- Framing
  - Presentation guides perception.
  - You don't have to be an expert, just don't pretend to be.
  - Topics are everywhere - just look at the problems you're solving every day.
  - Share learnings & experiences instead of "selling" things. (Don't say `I hope I convinced you to use ..`. Just share what you want to share and let the readers decide for themselves.)

## Don't use

- really
- pretty much
- quite a few
- obviously
- basically
- simply
- of course
- clearly
- just
- everyone knows
- have made (use made)
- very

## Avoid using

- a bit
- a little
- quite
- too
- though
- sort of
- kind of
- rather

## Notes

- Most adverbs are superfluous. Most cases where you say "generally" or "usually" you're undermining your point and the use of "very", "extremely", etc. are hyperbolic and breathless and make it easier to regard what you're writing as unserious.
- Examine every word: a surprising number don’t serve any purpose.
- [One of the best things about starting your career at Amazon is grooming in some fantastic values in early years of life. One of those is writing pithy, powerful documents.](https://twitter.com/nipunmehra/status/1154590521345490945)

## Links

- [A blog post about blog posts](https://medium.com/@naomi_pen/a-blog-post-about-blog-posts-4bb6a6ce0772)
- [Learnup](https://leanpub.com/) - Service to publish books.
- [TLDR of MailChimp's writing style guide](https://styleguide.mailchimp.com/tldr/)
- [You Should Write Blogs](https://sites.google.com/site/steveyegge2/you-should-write-blogs)
- [Awesome book authoring](https://github.com/TalAter/awesome-book-authoring#readme) - Collection of awesome resources for technical book authors.
- [HN: What Is The Morning Writing Effect? (2018)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18369337)
- [On self-publishing “A Programmer’s Introduction to Mathematics” (2018)](https://medium.com/@jeremyjkun/on-self-publishing-a-programmers-introduction-to-mathematics-1472b7511c99)
- [Write.as](https://write.as/) - Minimalist, privacy-focused, writing and publishing platform.
- [Write Freely](https://writefreely.org/) - Open source platform for building a writing space on the web. ([Code](https://github.com/writeas/writefreely))
- [Typegram](https://en.tgr.am/@recoilme/1) - [Open source](https://github.com/recoilme/tgram) publishing platform.
- [Notes on writing well](https://github.com/mnielsen/notes-on-writing/blob/master/notes_on_writing.md#readme)
- [The Day You Became a Better Writer (2nd Look) (2015)](https://blog.dilbert.com/2015/08/22/the-day-you-became-a-better-writer-2nd-look/)
- [Tips for Writing a Technical Book](https://performancejs.com/post/31b361c/13-Tips-for-Writing-a-Technical-Book) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20070558))
- [Undervalued Software Engineering Skills: Writing Well (2019)](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/on-writing-well/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20061078))
- [Writing is Thinking: Learning to Write with Confidence (2019)](https://blog.stephsmith.io/learning-to-write-with-confidence/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21172686))
- [Cut out everything that’s not surprising (2019)](https://sivers.org/d22)
- [How to write a technical paper](https://homes.cs.washington.edu/~mernst/advice/write-technical-paper.html)
- [Production Guide](https://github.com/RacheltheEditor/ProductionGuide#readme) - Practical explanation of formatting and style conventions that should be consistent across Guides.
- [Amazon writing tips](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EMb7mTRVAAELtUk?format=jpg&name=medium)
- [Left](https://github.com/hundredrabbits/Left) - Distractionless Writing Tool.
- [Notes on Technical Writing (2020)](https://mkaz.blog/misc/notes-on-technical-writing/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21955306))
- [Why I Keep a Research Blog (2020)](http://gregorygundersen.com/blog/2020/01/12/why-research-blog/) - Writing has made me a better thinker and researcher. I expand on my reasons why. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22033792))
- [Epistemic statuses are lazy, and that is a good thing (2018)](https://devonzuegel.com/post/epistemic-statuses-are-lazy-and-that-is-a-good-thing)
- [It's time to start writing](https://alexnixon.github.io/2019/12/10/writing.html) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/frjnbb/it_s_time_start_writing))
- [Brandon Sanderson lecture on story telling](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4ZDBOc2tX8)
- [CFP Advice](https://www.swyx.io/writing/cfp-advice/) ([Tweet](https://twitter.com/swyx/status/1218650128585719813))
- [Set of standard document templates](https://github.com/kbariotis/templates)
- [Design: The Key to Writing (and Advising) a One-Draft Thesis](https://www.cs.tufts.edu/~nr/cs257/archive/john-carlis/one-draft.pdf)
- [How to Write Usefully (2020)](http://paulgraham.com/useful.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22381861))
- [Write a rapid prototype first](https://terrytao.wordpress.com/advice-on-writing-papers/write-a-rapid-prototype-first/)
- [Mary Dash’s Writing Tips](https://plainlanguage.gov/resources/articles/dash-writing-tips/)
- [How to Edit Your Own Writing (2020)](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/07/smarter-living/how-to-edit-your-own-writing.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22814342))
- [Practical guide to writing technical specs (2020)](https://stackoverflow.blog/2020/04/06/a-practical-guide-to-writing-technical-specs/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22799783))
- [Mise en Place Writing](https://www.swyx.io/writing/writing-mise-en-place/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22662834))
- [How to Write Like Naval Ravikant](https://letter.substack.com/p/write-like-naval)
