other/other.md, before:

# Other things I find interesting

Here are some _other_ things that I find interesting that don't have a category or I can't think of a category for them.

## General resources

- [Todd Davies's uni notes](https://todddavies.co.uk/#Notes)
- [Various things to learn](https://github.com/gyuho/learn)
- [The Book of Secret Knowledge](https://github.com/trimstray/the-book-of-secret-knowledge#readme) - Collection of awesome lists, manuals, blogs, hacks, one-liners, cli/web tools and more.
- [ChALkeR's notes](https://github.com/ChALkeR/notes)

## Music instruments

- [Theremin](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theremin)
  - [Carolina Eyck - Painting for theremin and voice](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGo2ZQuBJKQ)

## Notes

- Specify a pick point for delivery if I won't be home during the delivery time.
- [The profile picture is the logo for your Twitter brand. Pick a unique picture that's recognizable from a distance, and don't change it. It'll stand out in a pile of mentions and allow busy accounts to notice and remember you.](https://twitter.com/naval/status/1062020468725571584)
- Wrap Google queries with complex chars in `""`. i.e. google for `"set -x" zsh` instead of `set -x zsh`.

## Other

- [Ask HN: “Write your own” or “Build your own” software projects](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16591918)
- [Hashicorp principles](https://www.hashicorp.com/our-principles)
- [TIL](https://github.com/jbranchaud/til#readme)
- [Minimums](http://minimums.com/) - Interesting possessions of interesting people.
- [The Atlas](https://www.theatlas.com/) - Search charts.
- [SV Dictionary](http://svdictionary.com/)
- [Ask HN: What's the best documentation you've ever read?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17399340)
- [1Password for Open Source Projects](https://github.com/1Password/1password-teams-open-source#readme) - Get a free 1Password Teams membership for your open source project.
- [What happens when](https://github.com/alex/what-happens-when#readme) - Attempt to answer the age old interview question "What happens when you type google.com into your browser's address box and press enter?".
- [Awesome answers](https://github.com/cyberglot/awesome-answers#readme)
- [Upspin](https://github.com/upspin/upspin)
  - [The Upspin manifesto: On the ownership and sharing of data](https://commandcenter.blogspot.nl/2017/10/the-upspin-manifesto-on-ownership-and.html)
  - [Rob Pike's talk on it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H74R1eNsAHY)
- [Beaker browser](https://beakerbrowser.com/)
- [Casper](https://casper.com/) - Seems like a good mattress.
- [What are your hobbies?](https://lobste.rs/s/fx3enz/what_are_your_hobbies)
- [Ask HN: What did you learn the hard way?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18132736)
- [Svelte](https://hn.svelte.technology/top/1) - Neat HN implementation in Svelte tech.
- [console.love](https://www.console.love/) - Collection of funny, quirky and lovely console messages from around the web.
- [Open MCT](https://github.com/nasa/openmct) - Web based mission control framework.
- [React Draft Wysiwyg](https://github.com/jpuri/react-draft-wysiwyg) - Wysiwyg editor built using ReactJS and DraftJS libraries.
- [Aminal](https://github.com/liamg/aminal) - Golang terminal emulator from scratch.
- [Ask HN: What are your “brain hacks” that help you manage every day situations? (2018)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18588727)
- [Kialo](https://www.kialo.com/) - Easy to use, yet powerful tool to engage in thoughtful discussion, understand different points of view, and help with collaborative decision-making.
- [WikiExtractor](https://github.com/attardi/wikiextractor) - Tool for extracting plain text from Wikipedia dumps.
- [Ternimal](https://github.com/p-e-w/ternimal) - Simulate a lifeform in the terminal.
- [Ask HN: Where should I start as a 34-year-old switching to software as a career? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19343521)
- [Documentation for being an Artsy Engineer](https://github.com/artsy/README#readme)
- [Cai & Jo](https://caiandjo.com/) - Premium paper goods brand.
- [Laws, Theories, Principles and Patterns that developers will find useful](https://github.com/dwmkerr/hacker-laws#readme)
- [Glitch](https://glitch.com/) - Friendly community where everyone can discover and create the best stuff on the web.
- [YLD](https://www.yld.io/) - We help our clients move from a culture of delivery to a culture of learning through our expertise in software engineering, design, training and open-source.
- [Internet of Humans Project](https://edgeryders.eu/c/ioh) - Quest to understand how we the people, who contribute towards building the evolution of the Internet and our digital technologies, actively build a better future against a backdrop of massive social, economic, ecological and political challenges.
- [Calamares](https://github.com/calamares/calamares) - Distribution-independent installer framework.
- [David Stainton's reading lists](https://github.com/david415/reading_lists)
- [Notion Community](https://www.notion.so/Notion-Community-04f306fbf59a413fae15f42e2a1ab029)
- [Python wrapper for Wikipedia](https://github.com/martin-majlis/Wikipedia-API)
- [Code samples from Eli Bendersky's blog](https://github.com/eliben/code-for-blog)
- [Awesome Developer Relations resources](https://github.com/devrelcollective/awesome-devrel#readme)
- [VeoLuz](https://github.com/jaredly/veoluz) - Visualize the paths of millions of light rays through reflection, refraction and diffusion.
- [Historical Memos](https://sriramk.com/memos)
- [A letter from your future colleague, Alex](https://www.reaktor.com/blog/a-letter-from-your-future-colleague-alex/)
- [Killed by Google](https://killedbygoogle.com/)
- [Dominik's moving dots animation-generator](https://dominik.ws/art/movingdots/)
- [My Personal Linklog (2019)](http://msaavedra.com/posts/my-personal-linklog/)
- [Lobsters: What's your notebook setup like? (2019)](https://lobste.rs/s/rcaj6p/what_s_your_notebook_setup_like)
- [All time most upvoted posts on HN](https://hn.algolia.com/?dateRange=all&page=0&prefix=false&query=&sort=byPopularity&type=story)
- [Curated list for when naming things is done right](https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme)
- [Effortless Customer Support (2019)](https://missiveapp.com/blog/effortless-customer-support)
- [Tinode Instant Messaging Server](https://github.com/tinode/chat) - Backend in Go; iOS, Android, web, command line clients; chatbots.
- [Markdeep](https://casual-effects.com/markdeep/) - Technology for writing plain text documents that will look good in any web browser, whether local or remote.
- [A/B Street](https://github.com/dabreegster/abstreet) - Traffic simulation game exploring how small changes to roads affect cyclists, transit users, pedestrians, and drivers. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21763636))
- [ImTui](https://github.com/ggerganov/imtui) - Immediate Mode Text-based User Interface.
- [22120](https://github.com/dosyago/22120) - Archivist browser controller that caches everything you browse, a library server with full text search to serve your archive.
- [Find yourself a hobby](http://findyourselfahobby.com/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21877900))
- [Avataaars generator](https://github.com/fangpenlin/avataaars-generator) - Simple generator React app for avataaars.
- [Awesome CSV](https://github.com/secretGeek/AwesomeCSV#readme)
- [Guide To Using Reverse Image Search For Investigations (2019)](https://www.bellingcat.com/resources/how-tos/2019/12/26/guide-to-using-reverse-image-search-for-investigations/)
- [The “No Code” Delusion (2020)](https://www.alexhudson.com/2020/01/13/the-no-code-delusion/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22033827))
- [The Hacker Classics](http://jsomers.net/hn/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22004066))
- [Products I Wish Existed, 2020 Edition](http://blog.eladgil.com/2020/01/products-i-wish-existed-2020-edition.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21969774))
- [Amazing Developers On YouTube](https://github.com/ErikCH/DevYouTubeList#readme)
- [Unofficial Apple Archive](https://www.applearchive.org/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22066177))
- [Stuff I learnt in 2019](http://bollu.github.io/#stuff-i-learnt-in-2019) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21884543))
- [Awesome Stock Resources](https://github.com/neutraltone/awesome-stock-resources#readme) - Free stock photography, video and Illustration websites.
- [Women Make](https://womenmake.com/) - Community created so we have a place to chat with other women entrepreneurs, help each other out and have fun. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22128385))
- [How To Search Twitter Like a Pro (2020)](https://mailbrew.com/blog/twitter-advanced-search)
- [Nucoll](https://github.com/jdevoo/nucoll) - Command-line tool written in Go. It can be used to retrieve data from Twitter.
- [Various tips & tricks](https://github.com/hackerschoice/thc-tips-tricks-hacks-cheat-sheet#readme)
- [Over 500 Top PDFs posted to Hacker News in 2019](https://getpolarized.io/2020/01/19/over-500-top-pdf-posted-to-hacker-news-2019.html)
- [Collection of essays and papers I find to be interesting](https://github.com/dmvaldman/library)
- [SpiderFoot](https://github.com/smicallef/spiderfoot) - Most complete OSINT collection and reconnaissance tool.
- [Best of 2019 in Tech Talks (2020)](https://medium.com/@copyconstruct/best-of-2019-in-tech-talks-bac697c3ee13)
- [FOSDEM video recordings](https://video.fosdem.org/2020/) - Recordings for other years available too.
- [tart](https://github.com/jtdaugherty/tart) - Draw ASCII art in the terminal with your mouse.
- [Shiki](https://github.com/octref/shiki) - Beautiful Syntax Highlighter.
- [Spotifyd](https://github.com/Spotifyd/spotifyd) - Open source Spotify client running as a UNIX daemon.
- [Kutt](https://github.com/thedevs-network/kutt) - Free Modern URL Shortener.
- [RIBs](https://github.com/uber/RIBs) - Uber's cross-platform mobile architecture framework.
- [butler-cli](https://github.com/benawad/butler-cli) - Prettier for File Structures.
- [matterbridge](https://github.com/42wim/matterbridge) - Bridge between mattermost, IRC, gitter, xmpp, slack, discord, telegram, rocketchat, steam, twitch, ssh-chat, zulip, whatsapp, keybase, matrix and more with REST API.
- [The Law of Conservation of Complexity (1984)](http://nomodes.com/Larry_Tesler_Consulting/Complexity_Law.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22375331))
- [Broadcaster](https://github.com/encode/broadcaster) - Helps you develop realtime streaming functionality in by providing a simple broadcast API onto a number of different backend services.
- [Sanitizers](https://github.com/google/sanitizers) - AddressSanitizer, ThreadSanitizer, MemorySanitizer.
- [Open Standards](http://www.open-std.org/) - Holds a number of web pages for groups producing open standards.
- [Bit](https://github.com/teambit/bit) - Platform for collaborating on components.
- [tuf](https://github.com/theupdateframework/tuf) - Framework for securing software update systems.
- [Collection of hacks and one-off scripts](https://github.com/tomnomnom/hacks)
- [Cue](https://github.com/cuelang/cue) - Validate and define text-based and dynamic configuration.
- [phonograph](https://github.com/Rich-Harris/phonograph) - Stream large audio files without the dreaded 'DOMException: play() can only be initiated by a user gesture' error.
- [Source code to all the tutorials on emulator101.com](https://github.com/kpmiller/emulator101)
- [Loss functions for image segmentation](https://github.com/JunMa11/SegLoss)
- [DataWig](https://github.com/awslabs/datawig) - Learns Machine Learning models to impute missing values in tables.
- [LLDB](https://github.com/DerekSelander/LLDB) - Collection of LLDB aliases/regexes and Python scripts to aid in your debugging sessions.
- [zeitgeist](https://github.com/daneden/zeitgeist) - Tiny Mac app for keeping an eye on your ZEIT Now deployments.
- [Project Lovelace](https://projectlovelace.net/) - Bunch of free scientific programming problems.
- [Utopian developer's manifesto](https://github.com/cristaloleg/awesome-manifesto#readme)
- [Webcodesk](https://github.com/webcodesk/webcodesk-srv) - Web Application Builder.
- [Backstage](https://github.com/spotify/backstage) - Open platform for building developer portals. ([Web](https://backstage.io/))
- [Ask HN: Best Stripe Alternatives? (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22596082)
- [Incrementally Correct Personal Websites](https://brianlovin.com/overthought/incrementally-correct-personal-websites)
- [Mumble](https://github.com/mumble-voip/mumble) - Open source, low-latency, high quality voice chat software primarily intended for use while gaming.
- [Performous](https://performous.org/) - Open-source music and rhythm game. ([Code](https://github.com/performous/performous))
- [Finite State Machine Designer](http://madebyevan.com/fsm/)
- [Next generation Plex Desktop/Embedded Client](https://github.com/plexinc/plex-media-player)
- [Modern Day Jobs](https://moderndayjobs.com/#home) - 100 modern ways to make money online.
- [Awesome Awesomeness](https://github.com/bayandin/awesome-awesomeness#readme)
- [HN: Boids](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22709780)
- [Eric Wastl - Advent of Code: Behind The Scenes (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gibVyxpi-qA)
- [MapFilterFold](https://mapfilterfold.com/) - Meta book recommendations from Ask Hacker News threads.
- [Within](https://gowithin.co/) - Leadership community for women in design.
- [Invenia Labs](https://www.invenia.ca/labs/)
- [WAPI Radio](https://wapi.fm/) - Ephemeral live radio station that will air for only 24 hours.
- [Awesome Risk Quantification](https://github.com/veeral-patel/awesome-risk-quantification#readme)
- [gray-matter](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/gray-matter) - Parse front-matter from a string or file.
- [Year of the Meteor](https://desert.glass/)
- [live-stream-radio](https://github.com/torch2424/live-stream-radio) - 24/7 live stream video radio station CLI / API.
- [RationalWiki](https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Main_Page)
- [Bonhams](https://www.bonhams.com/) - Privately owned international auction house.
- [Treendly](https://treendly.com/) - Discover and monitor rapidly growing trends. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22777397))
- [Disaster planning for less crazy folk](https://lcamtuf.coredump.cx/prep/)
- [Culture & Empire - Digital Revolution](https://hintjens.gitbooks.io/culture-empire/content/index.html)
- [Introduction to Permaculture](https://open.oregonstate.education/permaculture/front-matter/introduction/)
- [A Pattern Language](http://www.iwritewordsgood.com/apl/set.htm)
- [Spire](https://github.com/epiccastle/spire) - Pragmatic provisioning using clojure.
- [StarCharter](https://github.com/dcf21/star-charter) - Command-line tool for producing vector-graphics charts of the night sky in SVG, PDF and PNG formats. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22796038))
- [PushPin](https://github.com/automerge/pushpin) - Collaborative corkboard app.
- [Photoshop C++ Recipes](https://sonictk.github.io/ps_cpp_recipes/)
- [reMarkable](https://remarkable.com/) - Next-generation paper tablet.
- [Subreddit Finder](https://valohai.com/subreddit-finder/)
- [zr](https://github.com/jackdoe/zr) - Offline and serverless stackoverflow search with low memory footprint.
- [Design + Code](https://designcode.io/) - Learn to design & code apps.
- [jscpd](https://github.com/kucherenko/jscpd) - Copy/paste detector for programming source code.
- [Two Factor Auth](https://twofactorauth.org/) - List of websites and whether or not they support 2FA. ([Code](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth))
- [Another Google-like Go short link service](https://github.com/kellegous/go)
- [process-viewer](https://github.com/GuillaumeGomez/process-viewer) - Process viewer GUI in rust.
- [Cowbird](http://cowbird.com/) - Public library of human experience.
- [Redsand](https://redsand.io/) - Find partners for software projects. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22840728))

Commit message:

compilers investing macOS vpn other js-libraries scheme programming-languages scala-libraries swift-libraries documentation email virtual-reality

other/other.md, after:

# Other things I find interesting

Here are some _other_ things that I find interesting that don't have a category or I can't think of a category for them.

## General resources

- [Todd Davies's uni notes](https://todddavies.co.uk/#Notes)
- [Various things to learn](https://github.com/gyuho/learn)
- [The Book of Secret Knowledge](https://github.com/trimstray/the-book-of-secret-knowledge#readme) - Collection of awesome lists, manuals, blogs, hacks, one-liners, cli/web tools and more.
- [ChALkeR's notes](https://github.com/ChALkeR/notes)

## Music instruments

- [Theremin](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theremin)
  - [Carolina Eyck - Painting for theremin and voice](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGo2ZQuBJKQ)

## Notes

- Specify a pick point for delivery if I won't be home during the delivery time.
- [The profile picture is the logo for your Twitter brand. Pick a unique picture that's recognizable from a distance, and don't change it. It'll stand out in a pile of mentions and allow busy accounts to notice and remember you.](https://twitter.com/naval/status/1062020468725571584)
- Wrap Google queries with complex chars in `""`. i.e. google for `"set -x" zsh` instead of `set -x zsh`.

## Other

- [Ask HN: “Write your own” or “Build your own” software projects](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16591918)
- [Hashicorp principles](https://www.hashicorp.com/our-principles)
- [TIL](https://github.com/jbranchaud/til#readme)
- [Minimums](http://minimums.com/) - Interesting possessions of interesting people.
- [The Atlas](https://www.theatlas.com/) - Search charts.
- [SV Dictionary](http://svdictionary.com/)
- [Ask HN: What's the best documentation you've ever read?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17399340)
- [1Password for Open Source Projects](https://github.com/1Password/1password-teams-open-source#readme) - Get a free 1Password Teams membership for your open source project.
- [What happens when](https://github.com/alex/what-happens-when#readme) - Attempt to answer the age old interview question "What happens when you type google.com into your browser's address box and press enter?".
- [Awesome answers](https://github.com/cyberglot/awesome-answers#readme)
- [Upspin](https://github.com/upspin/upspin)
  - [The Upspin manifesto: On the ownership and sharing of data](https://commandcenter.blogspot.nl/2017/10/the-upspin-manifesto-on-ownership-and.html)
  - [Rob Pike's talk on it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H74R1eNsAHY)
- [Beaker browser](https://beakerbrowser.com/)
- [Casper](https://casper.com/) - Seems like a good mattress.
- [What are your hobbies?](https://lobste.rs/s/fx3enz/what_are_your_hobbies)
- [Ask HN: What did you learn the hard way?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18132736)
- [Svelte](https://hn.svelte.technology/top/1) - Neat HN implementation in Svelte tech.
- [console.love](https://www.console.love/) - Collection of funny, quirky and lovely console messages from around the web.
- [Open MCT](https://github.com/nasa/openmct) - Web based mission control framework.
- [React Draft Wysiwyg](https://github.com/jpuri/react-draft-wysiwyg) - Wysiwyg editor built using ReactJS and DraftJS libraries.
- [Aminal](https://github.com/liamg/aminal) - Golang terminal emulator from scratch.
- [Ask HN: What are your “brain hacks” that help you manage every day situations? (2018)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18588727)
- [Kialo](https://www.kialo.com/) - Easy to use, yet powerful tool to engage in thoughtful discussion, understand different points of view, and help with collaborative decision-making.
- [WikiExtractor](https://github.com/attardi/wikiextractor) - Tool for extracting plain text from Wikipedia dumps.
- [Ternimal](https://github.com/p-e-w/ternimal) - Simulate a lifeform in the terminal.
- [Ask HN: Where should I start as a 34-year-old switching to software as a career? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19343521)
- [Documentation for being an Artsy Engineer](https://github.com/artsy/README#readme)
- [Cai & Jo](https://caiandjo.com/) - Premium paper goods brand.
- [Laws, Theories, Principles and Patterns that developers will find useful](https://github.com/dwmkerr/hacker-laws#readme)
- [Glitch](https://glitch.com/) - Friendly community where everyone can discover and create the best stuff on the web.
- [YLD](https://www.yld.io/) - We help our clients move from a culture of delivery to a culture of learning through our expertise in software engineering, design, training and open-source.
- [Internet of Humans Project](https://edgeryders.eu/c/ioh) - Quest to understand how we the people, who contribute towards building the evolution of the Internet and our digital technologies, actively build a better future against a backdrop of massive social, economic, ecological and political challenges.
- [Calamares](https://github.com/calamares/calamares) - Distribution-independent installer framework.
- [David Stainton's reading lists](https://github.com/david415/reading_lists)
- [Notion Community](https://www.notion.so/Notion-Community-04f306fbf59a413fae15f42e2a1ab029)
- [Python wrapper for Wikipedia](https://github.com/martin-majlis/Wikipedia-API)
- [Code samples from Eli Bendersky's blog](https://github.com/eliben/code-for-blog)
- [Awesome Developer Relations resources](https://github.com/devrelcollective/awesome-devrel#readme)
- [VeoLuz](https://github.com/jaredly/veoluz) - Visualize the paths of millions of light rays through reflection, refraction and diffusion.
- [Historical Memos](https://sriramk.com/memos)
- [A letter from your future colleague, Alex](https://www.reaktor.com/blog/a-letter-from-your-future-colleague-alex/)
- [Killed by Google](https://killedbygoogle.com/)
- [Dominik's moving dots animation-generator](https://dominik.ws/art/movingdots/)
- [My Personal Linklog (2019)](http://msaavedra.com/posts/my-personal-linklog/)
- [Lobsters: What's your notebook setup like? (2019)](https://lobste.rs/s/rcaj6p/what_s_your_notebook_setup_like)
- [All time most upvoted posts on HN](https://hn.algolia.com/?dateRange=all&page=0&prefix=false&query=&sort=byPopularity&type=story)
- [Curated list for when naming things is done right](https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme)
- [Effortless Customer Support (2019)](https://missiveapp.com/blog/effortless-customer-support)
- [Tinode Instant Messaging Server](https://github.com/tinode/chat) - Backend in Go; iOS, Android, web, command line clients; chatbots.
- [Markdeep](https://casual-effects.com/markdeep/) - Technology for writing plain text documents that will look good in any web browser, whether local or remote.
- [A/B Street](https://github.com/dabreegster/abstreet) - Traffic simulation game exploring how small changes to roads affect cyclists, transit users, pedestrians, and drivers. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21763636))
- [ImTui](https://github.com/ggerganov/imtui) - Immediate Mode Text-based User Interface.
- [22120](https://github.com/dosyago/22120) - Archivist browser controller that caches everything you browse, a library server with full text search to serve your archive.
- [Find yourself a hobby](http://findyourselfahobby.com/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21877900))
- [Avataaars generator](https://github.com/fangpenlin/avataaars-generator) - Simple generator React app for avataaars.
- [Awesome CSV](https://github.com/secretGeek/AwesomeCSV#readme)
- [Guide To Using Reverse Image Search For Investigations (2019)](https://www.bellingcat.com/resources/how-tos/2019/12/26/guide-to-using-reverse-image-search-for-investigations/)
- [The “No Code” Delusion (2020)](https://www.alexhudson.com/2020/01/13/the-no-code-delusion/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22033827))
- [The Hacker Classics](http://jsomers.net/hn/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22004066))
- [Products I Wish Existed, 2020 Edition](http://blog.eladgil.com/2020/01/products-i-wish-existed-2020-edition.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21969774))
- [Amazing Developers On YouTube](https://github.com/ErikCH/DevYouTubeList#readme)
- [Unofficial Apple Archive](https://www.applearchive.org/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22066177))
- [Stuff I learnt in 2019](http://bollu.github.io/#stuff-i-learnt-in-2019) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21884543))
- [Awesome Stock Resources](https://github.com/neutraltone/awesome-stock-resources#readme) - Free stock photography, video and Illustration websites.
- [Women Make](https://womenmake.com/) - Community created so we have a place to chat with other women entrepreneurs, help each other out and have fun. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22128385))
- [How To Search Twitter Like a Pro (2020)](https://mailbrew.com/blog/twitter-advanced-search)
- [Nucoll](https://github.com/jdevoo/nucoll) - Command-line tool written in Go. It can be used to retrieve data from Twitter.
- [Various tips & tricks](https://github.com/hackerschoice/thc-tips-tricks-hacks-cheat-sheet#readme)
- [Over 500 Top PDFs posted to Hacker News in 2019](https://getpolarized.io/2020/01/19/over-500-top-pdf-posted-to-hacker-news-2019.html)
- [Collection of essays and papers I find to be interesting](https://github.com/dmvaldman/library)
- [SpiderFoot](https://github.com/smicallef/spiderfoot) - Most complete OSINT collection and reconnaissance tool.
- [Best of 2019 in Tech Talks (2020)](https://medium.com/@copyconstruct/best-of-2019-in-tech-talks-bac697c3ee13)
- [FOSDEM video recordings](https://video.fosdem.org/2020/) - Recordings for other years available too.
- [tart](https://github.com/jtdaugherty/tart) - Draw ASCII art in the terminal with your mouse.
- [Shiki](https://github.com/octref/shiki) - Beautiful Syntax Highlighter.
- [Spotifyd](https://github.com/Spotifyd/spotifyd) - Open source Spotify client running as a UNIX daemon.
- [Kutt](https://github.com/thedevs-network/kutt) - Free Modern URL Shortener.
- [RIBs](https://github.com/uber/RIBs) - Uber's cross-platform mobile architecture framework.
- [butler-cli](https://github.com/benawad/butler-cli) - Prettier for File Structures.
- [matterbridge](https://github.com/42wim/matterbridge) - Bridge between mattermost, IRC, gitter, xmpp, slack, discord, telegram, rocketchat, steam, twitch, ssh-chat, zulip, whatsapp, keybase, matrix and more with REST API.
- [The Law of Conservation of Complexity (1984)](http://nomodes.com/Larry_Tesler_Consulting/Complexity_Law.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22375331))
- [Broadcaster](https://github.com/encode/broadcaster) - Helps you develop realtime streaming functionality in by providing a simple broadcast API onto a number of different backend services.
- [Sanitizers](https://github.com/google/sanitizers) - AddressSanitizer, ThreadSanitizer, MemorySanitizer.
- [Open Standards](http://www.open-std.org/) - Holds a number of web pages for groups producing open standards.
- [Bit](https://github.com/teambit/bit) - Platform for collaborating on components.
- [tuf](https://github.com/theupdateframework/tuf) - Framework for securing software update systems.
- [Collection of hacks and one-off scripts](https://github.com/tomnomnom/hacks)
- [Cue](https://github.com/cuelang/cue) - Validate and define text-based and dynamic configuration.
- [phonograph](https://github.com/Rich-Harris/phonograph) - Stream large audio files without the dreaded 'DOMException: play() can only be initiated by a user gesture' error.
- [Source code to all the tutorials on emulator101.com](https://github.com/kpmiller/emulator101)
- [Loss functions for image segmentation](https://github.com/JunMa11/SegLoss)
- [DataWig](https://github.com/awslabs/datawig) - Learns Machine Learning models to impute missing values in tables.
- [LLDB](https://github.com/DerekSelander/LLDB) - Collection of LLDB aliases/regexes and Python scripts to aid in your debugging sessions.
- [zeitgeist](https://github.com/daneden/zeitgeist) - Tiny Mac app for keeping an eye on your ZEIT Now deployments.
- [Project Lovelace](https://projectlovelace.net/) - Bunch of free scientific programming problems.
- [Utopian developer's manifesto](https://github.com/cristaloleg/awesome-manifesto#readme)
- [Webcodesk](https://github.com/webcodesk/webcodesk-srv) - Web Application Builder.
- [Backstage](https://github.com/spotify/backstage) - Open platform for building developer portals. ([Web](https://backstage.io/))
- [Ask HN: Best Stripe Alternatives? (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22596082)
- [Incrementally Correct Personal Websites](https://brianlovin.com/overthought/incrementally-correct-personal-websites)
- [Mumble](https://github.com/mumble-voip/mumble) - Open source, low-latency, high quality voice chat software primarily intended for use while gaming.
- [Performous](https://performous.org/) - Open-source music and rhythm game. ([Code](https://github.com/performous/performous))
- [Finite State Machine Designer](http://madebyevan.com/fsm/)
- [Next generation Plex Desktop/Embedded Client](https://github.com/plexinc/plex-media-player)
- [Modern Day Jobs](https://moderndayjobs.com/#home) - 100 modern ways to make money online.
- [Awesome Awesomeness](https://github.com/bayandin/awesome-awesomeness#readme)
- [HN: Boids](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22709780)
- [Eric Wastl - Advent of Code: Behind The Scenes (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gibVyxpi-qA)
- [MapFilterFold](https://mapfilterfold.com/) - Meta book recommendations from Ask Hacker News threads.
- [Within](https://gowithin.co/) - Leadership community for women in design.
- [Invenia Labs](https://www.invenia.ca/labs/)
- [WAPI Radio](https://wapi.fm/) - Ephemeral live radio station that will air for only 24 hours.
- [Awesome Risk Quantification](https://github.com/veeral-patel/awesome-risk-quantification#readme)
- [gray-matter](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/gray-matter) - Parse front-matter from a string or file.
- [Year of the Meteor](https://desert.glass/)
- [live-stream-radio](https://github.com/torch2424/live-stream-radio) - 24/7 live stream video radio station CLI / API.
- [RationalWiki](https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Main_Page)
- [Bonhams](https://www.bonhams.com/) - Privately owned international auction house.
- [Treendly](https://treendly.com/) - Discover and monitor rapidly growing trends. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22777397))
- [Disaster planning for less crazy folk](https://lcamtuf.coredump.cx/prep/)
- [Culture & Empire - Digital Revolution](https://hintjens.gitbooks.io/culture-empire/content/index.html)
- [Introduction to Permaculture](https://open.oregonstate.education/permaculture/front-matter/introduction/)
- [A Pattern Language](http://www.iwritewordsgood.com/apl/set.htm)
- [Spire](https://github.com/epiccastle/spire) - Pragmatic provisioning using clojure.
- [StarCharter](https://github.com/dcf21/star-charter) - Command-line tool for producing vector-graphics charts of the night sky in SVG, PDF and PNG formats. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22796038))
- [PushPin](https://github.com/automerge/pushpin) - Collaborative corkboard app.
- [Photoshop C++ Recipes](https://sonictk.github.io/ps_cpp_recipes/)
- [reMarkable](https://remarkable.com/) - Next-generation paper tablet. ([Go CLI](https://github.com/juruen/rmapi))
- [Subreddit Finder](https://valohai.com/subreddit-finder/)
- [zr](https://github.com/jackdoe/zr) - Offline and serverless stackoverflow search with low memory footprint.
- [Design + Code](https://designcode.io/) - Learn to design & code apps.
- [jscpd](https://github.com/kucherenko/jscpd) - Copy/paste detector for programming source code.
- [Two Factor Auth](https://twofactorauth.org/) - List of websites and whether or not they support 2FA. ([Code](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth))
- [Another Google-like Go short link service](https://github.com/kellegous/go)
- [process-viewer](https://github.com/GuillaumeGomez/process-viewer) - Process viewer GUI in rust.
- [Cowbird](http://cowbird.com/) - Public library of human experience.
- [Redsand](https://redsand.io/) - Find partners for software projects. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22840728))
- [The illusion of understanding](https://meaningness.com/understanding)
- [Reality has a surprising amount of detail (2017)](http://johnsalvatier.org/blog/2017/reality-has-a-surprising-amount-of-detail) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16184255))
