games/games.md, before:

# Games

I keep a list of [games I want to play](https://www.grouvee.com/user/nikivi/shelves/12652-wish-list/?num=25) & [games I am playing now](https://www.grouvee.com/user/nikivi/shelves/12651-playing/?num=25) or [plan to play next](https://www.grouvee.com/user/nikivi/shelves/513443-next/?num=25) on [Grouvee](https://www.grouvee.com/user/nikivi/).

I also keep a list of [all games I have played](https://www.grouvee.com/user/nikivi/shelves/12649-played/?num=25) with a [list of my favorite games](https://www.grouvee.com/user/nikivi/shelves/53363-favorite/?num=25) I've played. I also [share thoughts on some games I played](https://www.grouvee.com/user/nikivi/reviews/).

## Awesome Online games

- [WikiBattle](https://wikibattle.me/) - 1v1 race who first reaches a randomly selected article.
- [Wiki Game](https://www.thewikigame.com/) - Explore & race through wikipedia.
- [A Dark Room](http://adarkroom.doublespeakgames.com/) ([Code](https://github.com/doublespeakgames/adarkroom))
- [Proximity](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/proxx) ([OSS](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/proxx))
- [Hordes](https://hordes.io/) - Free to play 3D Multiplayer Browsergame in Open Beta.
- [Skynet Simulator](http://skynetsimulator.com) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22685011))
- [Codenames](https://www.horsepaste.com/) - Play codenames using a TV or computer for the board. ([Code](https://github.com/jbowens/codenames))
- [friendsand.games](https://friendsand.games/) - Handselected free online games to play during calls with your friends and family. ([Code](https://github.com/davidfurlong/friendsandgames))
- [Mosaic](https://playmosaic.online/) - Online multiplayer boardgame to play with all (2-4) of your friends. ([Code](https://github.com/maciejmatu/mosaic))

## Awesome OSS games

- [Citybound](https://github.com/citybound/citybound) - City building game with a focus on realism, collaborative planning and simulation of microscopic details. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19583384))
- [Diablo build for modern operating systems](https://github.com/diasurgical/devilutionX)
- [OneLife](https://github.com/jasonrohrer/OneLife) - Multiplayer survival game of parenting and civilization building.
- [OpenMW](https://github.com/OpenMW/openmw) - Open-source open-world RPG game engine that supports playing Morrowind.
- [OpenDiablo2](https://github.com/OpenDiablo2/OpenDiablo2) - Open source re-implementation of Diablo 2.
- [Pioneer](https://github.com/pioneerspacesim/pioneer) - Game of lonely space adventure.
- [openage](https://github.com/SFTtech/openage) - Free (as in freedom) open source clone of the Age of Empires II engine.
- [AIDungeon2](https://github.com/AIDungeon/AIDungeon) - Infinite adventures await.
- [VVVVVV](https://github.com/TerryCavanagh/vvvvvv)
- [Julius](https://github.com/bvschaik/julius) - Open source re-implementation of Caesar III.
- [Quake 2](https://github.com/id-Software/Quake-2)
- [QuakeJS](http://www.quakejs.com/) - Quake Port to JavaScript with Emscripten. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22797060))
- [Aim and Shoot](https://victorribeiro.com/aimAndShoot/) - Neuroevolution game experiment. ([Code](https://github.com/victorqribeiro/aimAndShoot))
- [HyperRogue](http://roguetemple.com/z/hyper/) - SDL roguelike in a non-euclidean world. ([Code](https://github.com/zenorogue/hyperrogue)) ([Explanation](http://zenorogue.blogspot.com/2012/03/hyperbolic-geometry-in-hyperbolic-rogue.html))
- [Vinifera](https://github.com/TheAssemblyArmada/Vinifera) - Open source re-implementation of Tiberian Sun : Firestorm written in C++.
- [Chronoshift](https://github.com/TheAssemblyArmada/Chronoshift) - Open Source Re-Implementation of Command and Conquer: Red Alert.
- [FreeAge](https://github.com/puzzlepaint/freeage) - Open-source reimplementation of the game engine of Age of Empires 2: Definitive Edition.
- [Good Web Game](https://github.com/not-fl3/good-web-game) - Minimal 2d game framework for wasm.
- [Veloren](https://veloren.net/) - Open world, open source voxel RPG inspired by Dwarf Fortress and Cube World. ([Code](https://github.com/veloren/veloren)) ([Launcher](https://github.com/Songtronix/Airshipper))
- [Paddlers](https://github.com/jakmeier/paddlers-browser-game) - Multi-player real-time strategy browser game.
- [orb.farm](https://orb.farm/) - Sealed aquatic ecosystem. ([Code](https://github.com/MaxBittker/orb.farm))

## Recommendations

- [What game would you describe as a masterpiece?](https://www.reddit.com/r/patientgamers/comments/7629r3/what_game_would_you_describe_as_a_masterpiece/)
- [What are some games you replay every few years?](https://www.reddit.com/r/patientgamers/comments/85laqu/what_are_some_games_you_replay_every_few_years/)
- [Games where you write code: part I](https://habrahabr.ru/company/mailru/blog/328806/)
  - [Part II](https://habrahabr.ru/company/mailru/blog/349546/)
- [Game recs (2020)](https://twitter.com/Shpigford/status/1245737201402621953)
- [What were the five most important video games to you throughout your youth/teen years? (2020)](https://twitter.com/jakeregal/status/1260449257821216768)

## Links

- [Awesome games](https://github.com/learn-anything/games#readme)
- [Games on GitHub](https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme) - List of popular/awesome videos games, add-ons, maps, etc. hosted on GitHub. Any genre. Any platform. Any engine.
- [Patient gamers subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/patientgamers/)
- [Awesome educational games](https://github.com/yrgo/awesome-eg#readme)
- [If you had to recommend someone play 5 games to really get a feel for you/your tastes, what five would you pick?](https://twitter.com/jasonthinks/status/1036687671043579905)
- [Gameboy.Live](https://github.com/HFO4/gameboy.live) - Basic gameboy emulator with terminal "Cloud Gaming" support.
- [Awesome PICO-8](https://github.com/pico-8/awesome-PICO-8#readme)
- [HSTracker](https://github.com/HearthSim/HSTracker) - Deck tracker and deck manager for Hearthstone on macOS.
- [The First Video Game (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHQ4WCU1WQc)
- [No-Bullshit Games](https://nobsgames.stavros.io/) - Good, non-annoying, enjoyable games. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22063744))
- [Open Worlds](https://reallifemag.com/open-worlds/) - How we became nostalgic for Minecraft. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21499767))
- [What are some good travel-focused video games? (2020)](https://www.reddit.com/r/solotravel/comments/g36at5/what_are_some_good_travelfocused_video_games/)
- [Steam Database](https://steamdb.info/) - Insight into the applications and packages that Steam has in its database.
- [Running decade-old games in containers (2020)](https://misha.brukman.net/blog/2020/04/running-decade-old-games-in-containers/)
- [Iyashikei: Japan’s Genre of “Healing Games” (2018)](https://screentherapyblog.wordpress.com/2018/03/13/iyashikei/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23153460))

Commit message:

data-science games firmware music python rust-libraries marketing text-editors web

games/games.md, after:

# Games

I keep a list of [games I want to play](https://www.grouvee.com/user/nikivi/shelves/12652-wish-list/?num=25) & [games I am playing now](https://www.grouvee.com/user/nikivi/shelves/12651-playing/?num=25) or [plan to play next](https://www.grouvee.com/user/nikivi/shelves/513443-next/?num=25) on [Grouvee](https://www.grouvee.com/user/nikivi/).

I also keep a list of [all games I have played](https://www.grouvee.com/user/nikivi/shelves/12649-played/?num=25) with a [list of my favorite games](https://www.grouvee.com/user/nikivi/shelves/53363-favorite/?num=25) I've played. I also [share thoughts on some games I played](https://www.grouvee.com/user/nikivi/reviews/).

## Awesome Online games

- [WikiBattle](https://wikibattle.me/) - 1v1 race who first reaches a randomly selected article.
- [Wiki Game](https://www.thewikigame.com/) - Explore & race through wikipedia.
- [A Dark Room](http://adarkroom.doublespeakgames.com/) ([Code](https://github.com/doublespeakgames/adarkroom))
- [Proximity](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/proxx) ([OSS](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/proxx))
- [Hordes](https://hordes.io/) - Free to play 3D Multiplayer Browsergame in Open Beta.
- [Skynet Simulator](http://skynetsimulator.com) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22685011))
- [Codenames](https://www.horsepaste.com/) - Play codenames using a TV or computer for the board. ([Code](https://github.com/jbowens/codenames))
- [friendsand.games](https://friendsand.games/) - Handselected free online games to play during calls with your friends and family. ([Code](https://github.com/davidfurlong/friendsandgames))
- [Mosaic](https://playmosaic.online/) - Online multiplayer boardgame to play with all (2-4) of your friends. ([Code](https://github.com/maciejmatu/mosaic))

## Awesome OSS games

- [Citybound](https://github.com/citybound/citybound) - City building game with a focus on realism, collaborative planning and simulation of microscopic details. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19583384))
- [Diablo build for modern operating systems](https://github.com/diasurgical/devilutionX)
- [OneLife](https://github.com/jasonrohrer/OneLife) - Multiplayer survival game of parenting and civilization building.
- [OpenMW](https://github.com/OpenMW/openmw) - Open-source open-world RPG game engine that supports playing Morrowind.
- [OpenDiablo2](https://github.com/OpenDiablo2/OpenDiablo2) - Open source re-implementation of Diablo 2.
- [Pioneer](https://github.com/pioneerspacesim/pioneer) - Game of lonely space adventure.
- [openage](https://github.com/SFTtech/openage) - Free (as in freedom) open source clone of the Age of Empires II engine.
- [AIDungeon2](https://github.com/AIDungeon/AIDungeon) - Infinite adventures await.
- [VVVVVV](https://github.com/TerryCavanagh/vvvvvv)
- [Julius](https://github.com/bvschaik/julius) - Open source re-implementation of Caesar III.
- [Quake 2](https://github.com/id-Software/Quake-2)
- [QuakeJS](http://www.quakejs.com/) - Quake Port to JavaScript with Emscripten. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22797060))
- [Aim and Shoot](https://victorribeiro.com/aimAndShoot/) - Neuroevolution game experiment. ([Code](https://github.com/victorqribeiro/aimAndShoot))
- [HyperRogue](http://roguetemple.com/z/hyper/) - SDL roguelike in a non-euclidean world. ([Code](https://github.com/zenorogue/hyperrogue)) ([Explanation](http://zenorogue.blogspot.com/2012/03/hyperbolic-geometry-in-hyperbolic-rogue.html))
- [Vinifera](https://github.com/TheAssemblyArmada/Vinifera) - Open source re-implementation of Tiberian Sun : Firestorm written in C++.
- [Chronoshift](https://github.com/TheAssemblyArmada/Chronoshift) - Open Source Re-Implementation of Command and Conquer: Red Alert.
- [FreeAge](https://github.com/puzzlepaint/freeage) - Open-source reimplementation of the game engine of Age of Empires 2: Definitive Edition.
- [Good Web Game](https://github.com/not-fl3/good-web-game) - Minimal 2d game framework for wasm.
- [Veloren](https://veloren.net/) - Open world, open source voxel RPG inspired by Dwarf Fortress and Cube World. ([Code](https://github.com/veloren/veloren)) ([Launcher](https://github.com/Songtronix/Airshipper))
- [Paddlers](https://github.com/jakmeier/paddlers-browser-game) - Multi-player real-time strategy browser game.
- [orb.farm](https://orb.farm/) - Sealed aquatic ecosystem. ([Code](https://github.com/MaxBittker/orb.farm))
- [Asteroids](https://justinmimbs.github.io/rs-asteroids/) - Variation on the game Asteroids, written in Rust. ([Code](https://github.com/justinmimbs/rs-asteroids))

## Recommendations

- [What game would you describe as a masterpiece?](https://www.reddit.com/r/patientgamers/comments/7629r3/what_game_would_you_describe_as_a_masterpiece/)
- [What are some games you replay every few years?](https://www.reddit.com/r/patientgamers/comments/85laqu/what_are_some_games_you_replay_every_few_years/)
- [Games where you write code: part I](https://habrahabr.ru/company/mailru/blog/328806/)
  - [Part II](https://habrahabr.ru/company/mailru/blog/349546/)
- [Game recs (2020)](https://twitter.com/Shpigford/status/1245737201402621953)
- [What were the five most important video games to you throughout your youth/teen years? (2020)](https://twitter.com/jakeregal/status/1260449257821216768)

## Links

- [Awesome games](https://github.com/learn-anything/games#readme)
- [Games on GitHub](https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme) - List of popular/awesome videos games, add-ons, maps, etc. hosted on GitHub. Any genre. Any platform. Any engine.
- [Patient gamers subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/patientgamers/)
- [Awesome educational games](https://github.com/yrgo/awesome-eg#readme)
- [If you had to recommend someone play 5 games to really get a feel for you/your tastes, what five would you pick?](https://twitter.com/jasonthinks/status/1036687671043579905)
- [Gameboy.Live](https://github.com/HFO4/gameboy.live) - Basic gameboy emulator with terminal "Cloud Gaming" support.
- [Awesome PICO-8](https://github.com/pico-8/awesome-PICO-8#readme)
- [HSTracker](https://github.com/HearthSim/HSTracker) - Deck tracker and deck manager for Hearthstone on macOS.
- [The First Video Game (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHQ4WCU1WQc)
- [No-Bullshit Games](https://nobsgames.stavros.io/) - Good, non-annoying, enjoyable games. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22063744))
- [Open Worlds](https://reallifemag.com/open-worlds/) - How we became nostalgic for Minecraft. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21499767))
- [What are some good travel-focused video games? (2020)](https://www.reddit.com/r/solotravel/comments/g36at5/what_are_some_good_travelfocused_video_games/)
- [Steam Database](https://steamdb.info/) - Insight into the applications and packages that Steam has in its database.
- [Running decade-old games in containers (2020)](https://misha.brukman.net/blog/2020/04/running-decade-old-games-in-containers/)
- [Iyashikei: Japan’s Genre of “Healing Games” (2018)](https://screentherapyblog.wordpress.com/2018/03/13/iyashikei/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23153460))
