books/books.md, before:

# Books

I love reading & listening to new books and making notes on things I've read and learned.

I keep [Goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/15768482-nikita-voloboev) lists of [books I am reading](https://www.goodreads.com/review/list/15768482-nikita-voloboev?shelf=currently-reading), [want to read in future](https://www.goodreads.com/review/list/15768482-nikita-voloboev?shelf=to-read) & ones I [want to read next](https://www.goodreads.com/review/list/15768482-nikita-voloboev?shelf=next).

I also have bookshelves of books I [liked](https://www.goodreads.com/review/list/15768482-nikita-voloboev?shelf=favorite) & [read](https://www.goodreads.com/review/list/15768482-nikita-voloboev?shelf=read).

Below are books I read (or listened) sorted by year I read them in. The books with links attached will lead to notes I made when reading the book. Books with 🌟 are my favorite.

### 2019

- 21 Lessons for the 21st Century 🌟
- Brief Answers to the Big Questions 🌟
- A Brief History of Time - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/713887770)

### 2016

- Mind for Numbers 🌟 - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/1223423349) / [Notes](mind-for-numbers.md)
- Flowers for Algernon 🌟 - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/782624446)
- Heart of a Dog 🌟 - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/589165109)
- You Don't Know JS: Up & Going - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/1587216818)

### 2015

- Logical Reasoning: A First Course - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/1389050373)
- The Fable of the Dragon-Tyrant
- The Little Prince 🌟 - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/1206274538)
- Understand 🌟

### 2014

- Roadside Picnic - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/589176848)
- A Thousand Tiny Failures: Memoirs of a Pickup Artist - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/919954441)
- The Last Question 🌟 - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/935666315)

### 2013

- The Master and Margarita 🌟 - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/583056473)

### 2012

- The Picture of Dorian Gray 🌟 - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/485035652)

## Unfinished

- [Thinking fast and slow](thinking-fast-and-slow.md)
- [Go in action](go-in-action.md)
- [Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach](ai-modern-approach.md)
- [Programming in Haskell](programming-in-haskell.md)
- [Surely, you're joking Mr Feynman](surely-you-are-joking-mr-feynman.md)
- [Mindstorms](mindstorms.md)
- [Rich dad poor dad](rich-dad-poor-dad.md)
- [Elements of programming interviews](elements-of-programming-interviews.md)
- [Crafting interpreters](crafting-interpreters.md)
- [Brave new world](brave-new-world.md)
- [Cracking the coding interview](cracking-the-coding-interview.md)
- [Code: hidden language of software](code-the-hidden-language.md)
- [Eloquent ruby](eloquent-ruby.md)
- Confident ruby
- University physics with modern physics
- The Yellow Wallpaper

## Interesting authors

- [Douglas Adams](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/4.Douglas_Adams)
- [Ted Chiang](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/130698.Ted_Chiang)
- [Alan Watts](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/1501668.Alan_W_Watts)
- [Jorge Luis Borges](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/500.Jorge_Luis_Borges)
- [Nikolay Nekrasov](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/2143156.Nikolay_A_Nekrasov)
- [HP Lovecraft](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/9494.H_P_Lovecraft)
- [Aleksandr Solzhenitisyn](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/10420.Aleksandr_Solzhenitsyn)
- [David Sedaris](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/2849.David_Sedaris)
- [Jorge Luis Borges](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/500.Jorge_Luis_Borges)

## Recommendations

- [Gergely Orosz's reading list](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/my-reading-list/)
- [Side Project books](https://books.makesideproject.com/)
- [Derek Sivers's books read](https://sivers.org/book)
- [Rahim's books read](https://rakh.im/bookshelf/)
- [Books written in a style similar to SICP](https://lobste.rs/s/9o8lvk/books_written_style_similar_sicp)
- [HN recommends (2017)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15629762)
- [Check these books - master switch is interesting](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14477851)
- [Most meaningful books I read in 2016](http://blog.ncase.me/the-most-meaningful-books-i-read-in-2016/)
- [Most mentioned programming books on Reddit](http://booksreddit.com/product-category/best-programming-books/)
- [Language-agnostic programming books](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14486657)
- [Some more recommends](https://github.com/sapegin/ama/issues/5)
- [Bret Victor’s favorite books](http://worrydream.com/#!/Links)
- [AI books](http://www.allitebooks.com/?s=artificial)
- [Lobsters - what are you reading](https://lobste.rs/s/xwr0lp/what_are_you_reading)
- [Ask HN - what are you reading](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14859274)
- [Math books](https://www.reddit.com/r/math/comments/6xmuhc/math_booksresources_to_pique_math_interest/)
- [History books](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/1403l7/askhistorians_master_book_list_ii/)
- [Good books for deep hacks](https://begriffs.com/posts/2017-04-13-longterm-computing-reading.html)
- [Some psychology books to read](https://www.reddit.com/r/booksuggestions/comments/5kslq8/-looking_for_psychology_literature_like_thinking/)
- [Top programming books 2017](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15878575)
- [Many math books](https://www.reddit.com/r/math/comments/7i9t5y/book_recommendation_thread/)
- [Psychonaut books](https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychonaut/comments/7kuhxx/what_are_some_must_read_books_for_this_sub/)
- [Reading list](https://github.com/keithamus/reading-list)
- [Pick three books you think every beginner to sci-fi should read, three for "veterans", and three for "experts".](https://www.reddit.com/r/printSF/comments/5mrj3a/pick_three_books_you_think_every_beginner_to/)
- [Any book recommendations for building your own indie business?](https://www.indiehackers.com/forum/any-book-recommendations-for-building-your-own-indie-business-22a3f89d27)
- [Books read by Radek](http://radex.io/books/)
- [Bookicious](https://www.bookicious.com/collections/) - Favorite books of various founders.
- [How long to read?](http://www.howlongtoreadthis.com)
- [Ask HN: Recommendations on books and documentaries on tech companies/people?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17204467)
- [Ask HN: What's one book that changed your life? (2018)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17168136)
- [Looking for a dark scifi novel](https://www.reddit.com/r/printSF/comments/7mu8de/looking_for_a_dark_scifi_novel/)
- [Three books every beginner to scifi should read](https://www.reddit.com/r/printSF/comments/5mrj3a/pick_three_books_you_think_every_beginner_to/)
- [Good novels featuring mathematics and mathematical philosophy?](https://www.reddit.com/r/math/comments/5pgkpm/good_novels_featuring_mathematics_and/)
- [Math-related pleasure reading books?](https://www.reddit.com/r/math/comments/569bxq/mathrelated_pleasure_reading_books/d8hgly1/)
- [Ask HN: Non-tech books that have helped you grow professionally?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12415621)
- [Ask HN: What are the best textbooks in your field of expertise? (2018)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18104814)
- [What’s the best book you read in 2018?](https://twitter.com/farnamstreet/status/1074496799786713088)
- [Some fiction books](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/2019-02-19-Books-AX3Tl_vBkHsM6Fh9mn9pM0wOAg-Apo3mY7r8i0Bfsyt3lW7r)
- [Books I Recommend (2019)](https://blog.jessfraz.com/post/books/)
- [Miikka Koskinen's reading list](https://miikka.me/reading-list/)
- [My Favourite Book Recommendations by catonmat](https://catonmat.net/archive?q=books)
- [Hacker News Books](https://hackernewsbooks.com/) - Dozens of book recommendations delivered straight to your inbox.
- [Ted Chiang's books + audiobooks](https://www.sffaudio.com/features/author-pages/ted-chiang/)
- [Some fiction audiobook recommendations](https://www.reddit.com/r/audiobooks/comments/bz14cx/i_just_finished_the_dark_tower_series_which_was/)
- [Alan Kay's Reading List](http://www.squeakland.org/resources/books/readingList.jsp)
- [Ask HN: Recommend one book I need to read this summer? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20332455)
- [Patrick Collison's bookshelf](https://patrickcollison.com/bookshelf)
- [Recommendations from an audiobook addict](https://www.reddit.com/r/audible/comments/7znp6h/recommendations_from_an_addict/)
- [HN: Alan Kay's answer to ‘what are some forgotten books programmers should read?’ (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20653453)
- [Ray Dalio’s Recommended Books: His Reading List](https://medium.com/@richardreeze/ray-dalios-recommended-books-his-reading-list-e839471ccc1d)
- [Josh Wolfe's favorite books](https://twitter.com/wolfejosh/status/1087926885345054720?lang=en)
- [What are the most indispensable books for indie hackers? (2019)](https://www.indiehackers.com/post/what-are-the-most-indispensable-books-for-indie-hackers-e2ec3a13e9) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21140052))
- [Jared Palmer's favorite books](https://jaredpalmer.com/bookshelf/)
- [Nice CS books/papers](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21302131)
- [Programming books that aren't boring](https://twitter.com/dan_abramov/status/1190762799338790913)
- [Some Favorite Non-technical Books of Bjarne Stroustrup](http://www.stroustrup.com/literature.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21439192))
- [The 50 Best Nonfiction Books of the Past 25 Years](https://slate.com/human-interest/2019/11/50-best-nonfiction-books.html)
- [Books Samrat Singh read](https://samrat.me/bookshelf/)
- [Lobsters: New books worth reading in 2019 ](https://lobste.rs/s/fbdghl/new_books_worth_reading_2019)
- [Lobsters: Old books worth reading (2019)](https://lobste.rs/s/ro5gef/old_books_worth_reading)
- [Ask HN: Books you plan to read in 2020?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21802452)
- [Ask HN: Favorite Nonfiction Books of 2019?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21792158)
- [Ask HN: Best books you read in the past decade? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21900498)
- [What and How I read in 2019 by Christopher Schroeder](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/what-how-i-read-2020-christopher-m-schroeder/)
- [Books read in 2019 by arshia](https://twitter.com/arshia__/status/1081676410123513858)
- [85 Best Business Books in 2020 for Entrepreneurs, Creatives & Professionals to Read (and Grow) (2020)](https://www.ryrob.com/best-business-books/)
- [Naval’s Recommended Reading](https://www.navalmanack.com/navals-recommended-reading)
- [Toby Shorin's Library](https://www.are.na/toby-shorin/toby-s-library)
- [Books read by Mark McGranaghan](https://markmcgranaghan.com/books)
- [Books read by James Somers](http://jsomers.net/#books)
- [Ask HN: What are the best unknown books you have read? (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22092108)
- [Which book did you enjoy the most in 2019? 📚](https://twitter.com/mxstbr/status/1223646093306748928)

## Notes

- With Audible plans, you can do easy exchanges. Don’t love a book? Swap it for free, anytime.

## Links

- [Awesome books](https://github.com/learn-anything/books#readme)
- [Ask HN: How do you read programming books?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15733745)
- [Ask HN: 2018 Summer Reading List?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17513576)
- [Thinking with Types LaTeX source](https://github.com/isovector/thinking-with-types) - Original source material for Thinking with Types: Type-Level Programming in Haskell book.
- [Scribd](https://www.scribd.com/) - Books, audiobooks, and more for a fixed fee / month.
- [Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Sub-Genres](http://www.worldswithoutend.com/resources_sub-genres.asp)
- [Ask HN: What books changed the way you think about almost everything? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19087418)
- [Awesome Programming Books](https://github.com/majikarp/awesome-programming-books#readme)
- [Libby](https://meet.libbyapp.com/) - Local library of thousands of ebooks and audiobooks.
- [Why books don’t work (2019)](https://andymatuschak.org/books/)
- [BookBrowser](https://github.com/geek1011/BookBrowser) - Easy-to-use tool to generate a web-based ePub and PDF ebook browser.
- [Now, what do I read?](https://nowwhatdoiread.com/) - Enter your favorite book and get a list of suggested books to read.
- [How I Read (2018)](http://sirupsen.com/read/)
- [The Most Abandoned Books on GoodReads (2019)](https://www.gwern.net/GoodReads) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21957798))
- [What Should I Read Next?](https://www.whatshouldireadnext.com/)
- [Reedsy](https://reedsy.com/) - Crafting beautiful books is at the heart of everything that Reedsy does.
- [Ask HN: Are books worth it? (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21955258)
- [1,000 Free Audio Books](http://www.openculture.com/freeaudiobooks)

Commit message:

books startups formal-verification data-science design-inspiration investing learning rules type-theory music-production quantum-physics go-libraries react-native rust-libraries rust functional-programming negotiating email tools

books/books.md, after:

# Books

I love reading & listening to new books and making notes on things I've read and learned.

I keep [Goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/15768482-nikita-voloboev) lists of [books I am reading](https://www.goodreads.com/review/list/15768482-nikita-voloboev?shelf=currently-reading), [want to read in future](https://www.goodreads.com/review/list/15768482-nikita-voloboev?shelf=to-read) & ones I [want to read next](https://www.goodreads.com/review/list/15768482-nikita-voloboev?shelf=next).

I also have bookshelves of books I [liked](https://www.goodreads.com/review/list/15768482-nikita-voloboev?shelf=favorite) & [read](https://www.goodreads.com/review/list/15768482-nikita-voloboev?shelf=read).

Below are books I read (or listened) sorted by year I read them in. The books with links attached will lead to notes I made when reading the book. Books with 🌟 are my favorite.

### 2019

- 21 Lessons for the 21st Century 🌟
- Brief Answers to the Big Questions 🌟
- A Brief History of Time - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/713887770)

### 2016

- Mind for Numbers 🌟 - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/1223423349) / [Notes](mind-for-numbers.md)
- Flowers for Algernon 🌟 - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/782624446)
- Heart of a Dog 🌟 - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/589165109)
- You Don't Know JS: Up & Going - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/1587216818)

### 2015

- Logical Reasoning: A First Course - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/1389050373)
- The Fable of the Dragon-Tyrant
- The Little Prince 🌟 - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/1206274538)
- Understand 🌟

### 2014

- Roadside Picnic - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/589176848)
- A Thousand Tiny Failures: Memoirs of a Pickup Artist - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/919954441)
- The Last Question 🌟 - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/935666315)

### 2013

- The Master and Margarita 🌟 - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/583056473)

### 2012

- The Picture of Dorian Gray 🌟 - [Review](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/485035652)

## Unfinished

- [Thinking fast and slow](thinking-fast-and-slow.md)
- [Go in action](go-in-action.md)
- [Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach](ai-modern-approach.md)
- [Programming in Haskell](programming-in-haskell.md)
- [Surely, you're joking Mr Feynman](surely-you-are-joking-mr-feynman.md)
- [Mindstorms](mindstorms.md)
- [Rich dad poor dad](rich-dad-poor-dad.md)
- [Elements of programming interviews](elements-of-programming-interviews.md)
- [Crafting interpreters](crafting-interpreters.md)
- [Brave new world](brave-new-world.md)
- [Cracking the coding interview](cracking-the-coding-interview.md)
- [Code: hidden language of software](code-the-hidden-language.md)
- [Eloquent ruby](eloquent-ruby.md)
- Confident ruby
- University physics with modern physics
- The Yellow Wallpaper

## Interesting authors

- [Douglas Adams](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/4.Douglas_Adams)
- [Ted Chiang](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/130698.Ted_Chiang)
- [Alan Watts](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/1501668.Alan_W_Watts)
- [Jorge Luis Borges](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/500.Jorge_Luis_Borges)
- [Nikolay Nekrasov](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/2143156.Nikolay_A_Nekrasov)
- [HP Lovecraft](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/9494.H_P_Lovecraft)
- [Aleksandr Solzhenitisyn](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/10420.Aleksandr_Solzhenitsyn)
- [David Sedaris](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/2849.David_Sedaris)
- [Jorge Luis Borges](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/500.Jorge_Luis_Borges)

## Recommendations

- [Gergely Orosz's reading list](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/my-reading-list/)
- [Side Project books](https://books.makesideproject.com/)
- [Derek Sivers's books read](https://sivers.org/book)
- [Rahim's books read](https://rakh.im/bookshelf/)
- [Books written in a style similar to SICP](https://lobste.rs/s/9o8lvk/books_written_style_similar_sicp)
- [HN recommends (2017)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15629762)
- [Check these books - master switch is interesting](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14477851)
- [Most meaningful books I read in 2016](http://blog.ncase.me/the-most-meaningful-books-i-read-in-2016/)
- [Most mentioned programming books on Reddit](http://booksreddit.com/product-category/best-programming-books/)
- [Language-agnostic programming books](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14486657)
- [Some more recommends](https://github.com/sapegin/ama/issues/5)
- [Bret Victor’s favorite books](http://worrydream.com/#!/Links)
- [AI books](http://www.allitebooks.com/?s=artificial)
- [Lobsters - what are you reading](https://lobste.rs/s/xwr0lp/what_are_you_reading)
- [Ask HN - what are you reading](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14859274)
- [Math books](https://www.reddit.com/r/math/comments/6xmuhc/math_booksresources_to_pique_math_interest/)
- [History books](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/1403l7/askhistorians_master_book_list_ii/)
- [Good books for deep hacks](https://begriffs.com/posts/2017-04-13-longterm-computing-reading.html)
- [Some psychology books to read](https://www.reddit.com/r/booksuggestions/comments/5kslq8/-looking_for_psychology_literature_like_thinking/)
- [Top programming books 2017](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15878575)
- [Many math books](https://www.reddit.com/r/math/comments/7i9t5y/book_recommendation_thread/)
- [Psychonaut books](https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychonaut/comments/7kuhxx/what_are_some_must_read_books_for_this_sub/)
- [Reading list](https://github.com/keithamus/reading-list)
- [Pick three books you think every beginner to sci-fi should read, three for "veterans", and three for "experts".](https://www.reddit.com/r/printSF/comments/5mrj3a/pick_three_books_you_think_every_beginner_to/)
- [Any book recommendations for building your own indie business?](https://www.indiehackers.com/forum/any-book-recommendations-for-building-your-own-indie-business-22a3f89d27)
- [Books read by Radek](http://radex.io/books/)
- [Bookicious](https://www.bookicious.com/collections/) - Favorite books of various founders.
- [How long to read?](http://www.howlongtoreadthis.com)
- [Ask HN: Recommendations on books and documentaries on tech companies/people?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17204467)
- [Ask HN: What's one book that changed your life? (2018)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17168136)
- [Looking for a dark scifi novel](https://www.reddit.com/r/printSF/comments/7mu8de/looking_for_a_dark_scifi_novel/)
- [Three books every beginner to scifi should read](https://www.reddit.com/r/printSF/comments/5mrj3a/pick_three_books_you_think_every_beginner_to/)
- [Good novels featuring mathematics and mathematical philosophy?](https://www.reddit.com/r/math/comments/5pgkpm/good_novels_featuring_mathematics_and/)
- [Math-related pleasure reading books?](https://www.reddit.com/r/math/comments/569bxq/mathrelated_pleasure_reading_books/d8hgly1/)
- [Ask HN: Non-tech books that have helped you grow professionally?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12415621)
- [Ask HN: What are the best textbooks in your field of expertise? (2018)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18104814)
- [What’s the best book you read in 2018?](https://twitter.com/farnamstreet/status/1074496799786713088)
- [Some fiction books](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/2019-02-19-Books-AX3Tl_vBkHsM6Fh9mn9pM0wOAg-Apo3mY7r8i0Bfsyt3lW7r)
- [Books I Recommend (2019)](https://blog.jessfraz.com/post/books/)
- [Miikka Koskinen's reading list](https://miikka.me/reading-list/)
- [My Favourite Book Recommendations by catonmat](https://catonmat.net/archive?q=books)
- [Hacker News Books](https://hackernewsbooks.com/) - Dozens of book recommendations delivered straight to your inbox.
- [Ted Chiang's books + audiobooks](https://www.sffaudio.com/features/author-pages/ted-chiang/)
- [Some fiction audiobook recommendations](https://www.reddit.com/r/audiobooks/comments/bz14cx/i_just_finished_the_dark_tower_series_which_was/)
- [Alan Kay's Reading List](http://www.squeakland.org/resources/books/readingList.jsp)
- [Ask HN: Recommend one book I need to read this summer? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20332455)
- [Patrick Collison's bookshelf](https://patrickcollison.com/bookshelf)
- [Recommendations from an audiobook addict](https://www.reddit.com/r/audible/comments/7znp6h/recommendations_from_an_addict/)
- [HN: Alan Kay's answer to ‘what are some forgotten books programmers should read?’ (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20653453)
- [Ray Dalio’s Recommended Books: His Reading List](https://medium.com/@richardreeze/ray-dalios-recommended-books-his-reading-list-e839471ccc1d)
- [Josh Wolfe's favorite books](https://twitter.com/wolfejosh/status/1087926885345054720?lang=en)
- [What are the most indispensable books for indie hackers? (2019)](https://www.indiehackers.com/post/what-are-the-most-indispensable-books-for-indie-hackers-e2ec3a13e9) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21140052))
- [Jared Palmer's favorite books](https://jaredpalmer.com/bookshelf/)
- [Nice CS books/papers](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21302131)
- [Programming books that aren't boring](https://twitter.com/dan_abramov/status/1190762799338790913)
- [Some Favorite Non-technical Books of Bjarne Stroustrup](http://www.stroustrup.com/literature.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21439192))
- [The 50 Best Nonfiction Books of the Past 25 Years](https://slate.com/human-interest/2019/11/50-best-nonfiction-books.html)
- [Books Samrat Singh read](https://samrat.me/bookshelf/)
- [Lobsters: New books worth reading in 2019 ](https://lobste.rs/s/fbdghl/new_books_worth_reading_2019)
- [Lobsters: Old books worth reading (2019)](https://lobste.rs/s/ro5gef/old_books_worth_reading)
- [Ask HN: Books you plan to read in 2020?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21802452)
- [Ask HN: Favorite Nonfiction Books of 2019?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21792158)
- [Ask HN: Best books you read in the past decade? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21900498)
- [What and How I read in 2019 by Christopher Schroeder](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/what-how-i-read-2020-christopher-m-schroeder/)
- [Books read in 2019 by arshia](https://twitter.com/arshia__/status/1081676410123513858)
- [85 Best Business Books in 2020 for Entrepreneurs, Creatives & Professionals to Read (and Grow) (2020)](https://www.ryrob.com/best-business-books/)
- [Naval’s Recommended Reading](https://www.navalmanack.com/navals-recommended-reading)
- [Toby Shorin's Library](https://www.are.na/toby-shorin/toby-s-library)
- [Books read by Mark McGranaghan](https://markmcgranaghan.com/books)
- [Books read by James Somers](http://jsomers.net/#books)
- [Ask HN: What are the best unknown books you have read? (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22092108)
- [Which book did you enjoy the most in 2019? 📚](https://twitter.com/mxstbr/status/1223646093306748928)
- [Favorite books that almost nobody else knows or talks about (2019)](https://twitter.com/mckaywrigley/status/1120722846135640065)

## Notes

- With Audible plans, you can do easy exchanges. Don’t love a book? Swap it for free, anytime.

## Links

- [Awesome books](https://github.com/learn-anything/books#readme)
- [Ask HN: How do you read programming books?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15733745)
- [Ask HN: 2018 Summer Reading List?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17513576)
- [Thinking with Types LaTeX source](https://github.com/isovector/thinking-with-types) - Original source material for Thinking with Types: Type-Level Programming in Haskell book.
- [Scribd](https://www.scribd.com/) - Books, audiobooks, and more for a fixed fee / month.
- [Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Sub-Genres](http://www.worldswithoutend.com/resources_sub-genres.asp)
- [Ask HN: What books changed the way you think about almost everything? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19087418)
- [Awesome Programming Books](https://github.com/majikarp/awesome-programming-books#readme)
- [Libby](https://meet.libbyapp.com/) - Local library of thousands of ebooks and audiobooks.
- [Why books don’t work (2019)](https://andymatuschak.org/books/)
- [BookBrowser](https://github.com/geek1011/BookBrowser) - Easy-to-use tool to generate a web-based ePub and PDF ebook browser.
- [Now, what do I read?](https://nowwhatdoiread.com/) - Enter your favorite book and get a list of suggested books to read.
- [How I Read (2018)](http://sirupsen.com/read/)
- [The Most Abandoned Books on GoodReads (2019)](https://www.gwern.net/GoodReads) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21957798))
- [What Should I Read Next?](https://www.whatshouldireadnext.com/)
- [Reedsy](https://reedsy.com/) - Crafting beautiful books is at the heart of everything that Reedsy does.
- [Ask HN: Are books worth it? (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21955258)
- [1,000 Free Audio Books](http://www.openculture.com/freeaudiobooks)
