# 2020 June

Money will soon run out and I won't be able to afford any food. It kind of motivates you to build. It's probably silly of me to do so much open source as no one seems to care about it. I have 2\$ coming in from a lovely person. And even that I donate away to [Tekezo](https://github.com/tekezo) because he deserves all the money for building Karabiner.

It's true, [GitHub stars won't pay your rent](https://medium.com/@kitze/github-stars-wont-pay-your-rent-8b348e12baed). I wish we could live in a world where that's not the case and where earning money from open source was easier. There's a few people reading this wiki, I thought about putting all the tools and everything I built private and asking for a donation (maybe someone actually does use the tools I build and would care enough to support it). It could also be the case that the stuff I released has been trash so far so all makes sense and I don't deserve any more money than the 2\$ I am getting already. Could be.

It is possible to be light on money though. Only buy fruits and veggies. Make your own coffee, drink tea. The costs aren't that bad. The rent is the biggest annoyance but I live with my girlfriend now and she is kind enough to not make me pay the half of her rent. I wish I was a developer, earning big money but you need to learn how to code really well for that and I still have ways to go. Learn Anything is exciting though, I will try move the project as fast as I can, thanks to [John](https://github.com/jletey), it might be possible to have a working version of the new site by end of June. I truly believe the value it will bring to the world could potentially be in the billions. I would certainly spend a lot more time inside Learn Anything than any other website aside from GitHub/Twitter & Reddit. It might make sense to raise some funds after we build a first working prototype but I have 0 experience in raising money and am bound to make some mistakes. Human productivity is severely constrained by the confidence you have in what will happen to you in one month/week/tomorrow. It's unfair how much advantage so many people have just because they have the freedom to work on things they want to work on. I wish all humans had this freedom. I hope to not die before that happens.
