# 2020 July

## 5

Working outside or in sunny areas made me appreciate light modes a lot more. It's nice how iOS forces apps to provide both light & dark themes of apps so every app supports it although I still prefer to just use dark mode on iOS as all apps look great and readable in dark.

On macOS though, light mode is essential to have especially when working in sunny areas. During the day, light mode is much more stimulating to look at and the text is much easier to read. So I decided to make use of macOS dynamic switching of themes (light during day, dark during evening). It's working amazingly well as most apps transition smoothly from one theme to another. Even [Alfred](../../macOS/apps/alfred/alfred.md) nicely switches between my two favorite themes.

I hope Notion, Discord & Sublime Merge release ability to change the theme based off OS setting. Can't hack my way around it sadly. I submitted a feature request for it though, hope it gets implemented soon.

I will try design all the apps & websites I build taking into account both light & dark themes. With websites, you can use [prefers-color-scheme CSS feature](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-color-scheme) to know when to switch to a dark theme.

Perhaps in future, browsers can ship with a nice version of [Dark Reader](https://darkreader.org/) for sites that don't have prefers-color-scheme property but you are still operating with dark mode on.

I also find it annoying how some sites only implement dark mode and also implement it in such a bad way that text is hard to read. Quite annoying. 😞

Want to study design, typography & accessibility more in depth, it's all so important. It's great how most of these problems get solved by the platform. This is especially true on iOS I feel where if you design an app following Apple's [Human Interface Guidelines](https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/) closely, you get an app that is a delight to use (case in point [Apollo Reddit client](https://apolloapp.io)).
