programming-languages/cpp/cpp-libraries.md, before:

# C++ libraries

## Testing

- [Catch2](https://github.com/catchorg/Catch2) - Modern, C++-native, header-only, test framework for unit-tests, TDD and BDD - using C++11, C++14, C++17 and later.
- [Google Test](https://github.com/google/googletest) - Google Testing and Mocking Framework.

## Concurrency

- [Cpp-Taskflow](https://github.com/cpp-taskflow/cpp-taskflow) - Fast C++ header-only library to help you quickly write parallel programs with complex task dependencies.
- [Async++](https://github.com/Amanieu/asyncplusplus) - Lightweight concurrency framework for C++11.

## UI

- [imgui](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui) - Bloat-free Immediate Mode Graphical User interface for C++ with minimal dependencies.
- [GuiLite](https://github.com/idea4good/GuiLite) - Smallest UI framework for all platform -- 5K lines code.
- [Yue](https://github.com/yue/yue) - Library for creating native cross-platform GUI apps.

## Other

- [{fmt}](https://github.com/fmtlib/fmt) - Modern formatting library.
- [simdjson](https://github.com/lemire/simdjson) - Parsing gigabytes of JSON per second.
- [nlohmann/json](https://github.com/nlohmann/json) - JSON for Modern C++.
- [Folly](https://github.com/facebook/folly) - Library of C++14 components designed with practicality and efficiency in mind.
- [jet-live](https://github.com/ddovod/jet-live) - C++ hot code reload for linux and macos.
- [cpr](https://github.com/whoshuu/cpr) - Simple wrapper around libcurl inspired by the excellent Python Requests projec.
- [argparse](https://github.com/p-ranav/argparse) - Argument Parser for Modern C++.
- [lager](https://sinusoid.es/lager/) - C++ library to assist value-oriented design by implementing the unidirectional data-flow architecture.
- [Immutable++](https://github.com/rsms/immutable-cpp) - Persistent immutable data structures providing practically O(1) for appends, updates and lookups.
- [cpp-httplib](https://github.com/yhirose/cpp-httplib) - C++ single-file header-only cross platform HTTP/HTTPS library.
- [Proxygen](https://github.com/facebook/proxygen) - Collection of C++ HTTP libraries including an easy to use HTTP server.
- [RESTinio](https://github.com/Stiffstream/restinio) - Header-only C++14 library that gives you an embedded HTTP/Websocket server.
- [Enoki](https://github.com/mitsuba-renderer/enoki) - Structured vectorization and differentiation on modern processor architectures.
- [Marl](https://github.com/google/marl) - Hybrid thread / fiber task scheduler written in C++ 11.
- [Collection of succinct data structures](https://github.com/ot/succinct)
- [Microsoft's C++ Standard Library](https://github.com/microsoft/STL)
- [Quantum Library](https://github.com/bloomberg/quantum) - Full-featured and powerful C++ framework build on top of the Boost coroutine library.
- [Wangle](https://github.com/facebook/wangle) - Framework providing a set of common client/server abstractions for building services in a consistent, modular, and composable way.
- [Typeclasses in C++](https://github.com/TartanLlama/typeclasses) - Future C++ implementation of Rust-like trait objects with no boilerplate.
- [Basic Development Environment](https://github.com/bloomberg/bde) - Set of foundational C++ libraries used at Bloomberg.
- [BareMetalLib](https://github.com/kuanweeloong/BareMetalLib) - C++ support library for bare-metal programming.
- [matplotlib-cpp](https://github.com/lava/matplotlib-cpp) - Extremely simple yet powerful header-only C++ plotting library built on the popular matplotlib.
- [re2](https://github.com/google/re2) - Fast, safe, thread-friendly alternative to backtracking regular expression engines like those used in PCRE, Perl, and Python.
- [Boost.Hana](https://github.com/boostorg/hana) - Your standard library for metaprogramming.
- [xtensor](https://github.com/xtensor-stack/xtensor) - C++ tensors with broadcasting and lazy computing.
- [Choreograph](https://github.com/sansumbrella/Choreograph) - Simple, modern C++ animation and timing library.
- [cppast](https://github.com/foonathan/cppast) - Library to parse and work with the C++ AST.
- [thread-pool-cpp](https://github.com/inkooboo/thread-pool-cpp) - High performance C++11 thread pool.
- [pytest-cpp](https://github.com/pytest-dev/pytest-cpp) - Use pytest's runner to discover and execute C++ tests.
- [MFEM](https://github.com/mfem/mfem) - Lightweight, general, scalable C++ library for finite element methods.
- [Backward-cpp](https://github.com/bombela/backward-cpp) - Beautiful stack trace pretty printer for C++.
- [sparsehash](https://github.com/sparsehash/sparsehash) - C++ associative containers.
- [tabulate](https://github.com/p-ranav/tabulate) - Table Maker for Modern C++.
- [stb](https://github.com/nothings/stb) - Single-file public domain libraries for C/C++.
- [Diligent Engine](https://github.com/DiligentGraphics/DiligentEngine) - Modern cross-platform low-level graphics library and rendering framework.
- [Loguru](https://github.com/emilk/loguru) - Lightweight C++ logging library.
- [DFHack](https://github.com/DFHack/dfhack) - Dwarf Fortress memory access library, distributed with scripts and plugins implementing a wide variety of useful functions and tools.
- [Tweeny](https://github.com/mobius3/tweeny) - Inbetweening library designed for the creation of complex animations for games and other beautiful interactive software.
- [Work-Stealing Queue](https://github.com/tsung-wei-huang/work-stealing-queue)
- [libff](https://github.com/scipr-lab/libff) - C++ library for finite fields and elliptic curves.
- [REST client for C++](https://github.com/mrtazz/restclient-cpp)
- [SDSL](https://github.com/simongog/sdsl-lite) - Succinct Data Structure Library.
- [Acutest](https://github.com/mity/acutest) - Simple header-only C/C++ unit testing facility.
- [Boost Multiprecision Library](https://github.com/boostorg/multiprecision) - Provides integer, rational, floating-point, complex and interval number types in C++ that have more range and precision than C++'s ordinary built-in types.
- [Sentry SDK for C/C++](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-native)
- [scnlib](https://github.com/eliaskosunen/scnlib) - Modern C++ library for replacing scanf and std::istream.

Commit message:

api aws webgpu computer-science data-science data-visualization firmware journaling machine-learning wiki-workflow cpp-libraries go-libraries d3js react-native python-libraries rust-libraries swift-libraries functional-programming jupyter-notebooks software-architecture tools

programming-languages/cpp/cpp-libraries.md, after:

# C++ libraries

## Testing

- [Catch2](https://github.com/catchorg/Catch2) - Modern, C++-native, header-only, test framework for unit-tests, TDD and BDD - using C++11, C++14, C++17 and later.
- [Google Test](https://github.com/google/googletest) - Google Testing and Mocking Framework.

## Concurrency

- [Cpp-Taskflow](https://github.com/cpp-taskflow/cpp-taskflow) - Fast C++ header-only library to help you quickly write parallel programs with complex task dependencies.
- [Async++](https://github.com/Amanieu/asyncplusplus) - Lightweight concurrency framework for C++11.
- [Thrust](https://github.com/thrust/thrust) - C++ parallel programming library which resembles the C++ Standard Library.

## UI

- [imgui](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui) - Bloat-free Immediate Mode Graphical User interface for C++ with minimal dependencies.
- [GuiLite](https://github.com/idea4good/GuiLite) - Smallest UI framework for all platform -- 5K lines code.
- [Yue](https://github.com/yue/yue) - Library for creating native cross-platform GUI apps.

## Other

- [{fmt}](https://github.com/fmtlib/fmt) - Modern formatting library.
- [simdjson](https://github.com/lemire/simdjson) - Parsing gigabytes of JSON per second.
- [nlohmann/json](https://github.com/nlohmann/json) - JSON for Modern C++.
- [Folly](https://github.com/facebook/folly) - Library of C++14 components designed with practicality and efficiency in mind.
- [jet-live](https://github.com/ddovod/jet-live) - C++ hot code reload for linux and macos.
- [cpr](https://github.com/whoshuu/cpr) - Simple wrapper around libcurl inspired by the excellent Python Requests projec.
- [argparse](https://github.com/p-ranav/argparse) - Argument Parser for Modern C++.
- [lager](https://sinusoid.es/lager/) - C++ library to assist value-oriented design by implementing the unidirectional data-flow architecture.
- [Immutable++](https://github.com/rsms/immutable-cpp) - Persistent immutable data structures providing practically O(1) for appends, updates and lookups.
- [cpp-httplib](https://github.com/yhirose/cpp-httplib) - C++ single-file header-only cross platform HTTP/HTTPS library.
- [Proxygen](https://github.com/facebook/proxygen) - Collection of C++ HTTP libraries including an easy to use HTTP server.
- [RESTinio](https://github.com/Stiffstream/restinio) - Header-only C++14 library that gives you an embedded HTTP/Websocket server.
- [Enoki](https://github.com/mitsuba-renderer/enoki) - Structured vectorization and differentiation on modern processor architectures.
- [Marl](https://github.com/google/marl) - Hybrid thread / fiber task scheduler written in C++ 11.
- [Collection of succinct data structures](https://github.com/ot/succinct)
- [Microsoft's C++ Standard Library](https://github.com/microsoft/STL)
- [Quantum Library](https://github.com/bloomberg/quantum) - Full-featured and powerful C++ framework build on top of the Boost coroutine library.
- [Wangle](https://github.com/facebook/wangle) - Framework providing a set of common client/server abstractions for building services in a consistent, modular, and composable way.
- [Typeclasses in C++](https://github.com/TartanLlama/typeclasses) - Future C++ implementation of Rust-like trait objects with no boilerplate.
- [Basic Development Environment](https://github.com/bloomberg/bde) - Set of foundational C++ libraries used at Bloomberg.
- [BareMetalLib](https://github.com/kuanweeloong/BareMetalLib) - C++ support library for bare-metal programming.
- [matplotlib-cpp](https://github.com/lava/matplotlib-cpp) - Extremely simple yet powerful header-only C++ plotting library built on the popular matplotlib.
- [re2](https://github.com/google/re2) - Fast, safe, thread-friendly alternative to backtracking regular expression engines like those used in PCRE, Perl, and Python.
- [Boost.Hana](https://github.com/boostorg/hana) - Your standard library for metaprogramming.
- [xtensor](https://github.com/xtensor-stack/xtensor) - C++ tensors with broadcasting and lazy computing.
- [Choreograph](https://github.com/sansumbrella/Choreograph) - Simple, modern C++ animation and timing library.
- [cppast](https://github.com/foonathan/cppast) - Library to parse and work with the C++ AST.
- [thread-pool-cpp](https://github.com/inkooboo/thread-pool-cpp) - High performance C++11 thread pool.
- [pytest-cpp](https://github.com/pytest-dev/pytest-cpp) - Use pytest's runner to discover and execute C++ tests.
- [MFEM](https://github.com/mfem/mfem) - Lightweight, general, scalable C++ library for finite element methods.
- [Backward-cpp](https://github.com/bombela/backward-cpp) - Beautiful stack trace pretty printer for C++.
- [sparsehash](https://github.com/sparsehash/sparsehash) - C++ associative containers.
- [tabulate](https://github.com/p-ranav/tabulate) - Table Maker for Modern C++.
- [stb](https://github.com/nothings/stb) - Single-file public domain libraries for C/C++.
- [Diligent Engine](https://github.com/DiligentGraphics/DiligentEngine) - Modern cross-platform low-level graphics library and rendering framework.
- [Loguru](https://github.com/emilk/loguru) - Lightweight C++ logging library.
- [DFHack](https://github.com/DFHack/dfhack) - Dwarf Fortress memory access library, distributed with scripts and plugins implementing a wide variety of useful functions and tools.
- [Tweeny](https://github.com/mobius3/tweeny) - Inbetweening library designed for the creation of complex animations for games and other beautiful interactive software.
- [Work-Stealing Queue](https://github.com/tsung-wei-huang/work-stealing-queue)
- [libff](https://github.com/scipr-lab/libff) - C++ library for finite fields and elliptic curves.
- [REST client for C++](https://github.com/mrtazz/restclient-cpp)
- [SDSL](https://github.com/simongog/sdsl-lite) - Succinct Data Structure Library.
- [Acutest](https://github.com/mity/acutest) - Simple header-only C/C++ unit testing facility.
- [Boost Multiprecision Library](https://github.com/boostorg/multiprecision) - Provides integer, rational, floating-point, complex and interval number types in C++ that have more range and precision than C++'s ordinary built-in types.
- [Sentry SDK for C/C++](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-native)
- [scnlib](https://github.com/eliaskosunen/scnlib) - Modern C++ library for replacing scanf and std::istream.
