research/staying-on-top-of-things.md, before:

# Staying on top of things

There is so much out there in the world. It's often hard to stay on top of things and many times not being able to understand something is frustrating so is feeling as if you are _missing out_.

Of course, it is all in my head and [mindfulness](../mindfulness/mindfulness.md) is the answer. But I still want to do my best and try and understand as many things as I can because knowing a broad range of things helps me connect the dots and pieces together faster.

I use [Focus](https://heyfocus.com) macOS app to completely block many websites with constantly updated feeds like front page of Hacker News, GitHub, Reddit and more. I automatically run Focus every 90 minutes for 80 minutes and work throughout this period fully focused. After that time, I review what I have done in [Timing](../macOS/apps/timing.md) and I have 10 minutes to check the news and view usually blocked websites and after that, the timer starts again.

I use [Pocket](https://app.getpocket.com) to send links I can't read right now from my phone/mac. It's an inbox of links I want to read through. High priority links/notes are sent as messages to myself on Telegram.

## What I use

I try to stay in touch using these few things:

### Twitter with [Tweetbot](../macOS/apps/tweetbot.md)

Twitter is my favorite social media network and it is where I share everything [I am personally up to](https://twitter.com/nikitavoloboev) right now. I love Twitter for its ability to tailor completely what news and tweets I am actually reading. I split Tweetbot into [two columns](../macOS/apps/tweetbot.md).

### [Hacker News](https://hckrnews.com/) and [Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/)

They are my two favorite news aggregators on the web. I like Lobsters for its smaller community and quite often better links and discussions.

### Reddit

My Reddit is heavily tailored to my own likes and I very often just look into some subreddits I like to see what is new. I list subreddits I like [here](https://github.com/learn-anything/reddit#readme).

I access all these subreddits using [Deanishe's Reddit worklfow](https://github.com/deanishe/alfred-reddit#readme).

### RSS with [Reeder](http://reederapp.com/mac/)

I follow [blogs I like](blogs.md) and read them through them with Reeder.

### IRC

I love using IRC with [Textual client](../macOS/apps/textual.md) and hanging out in various channels of Freenode. Mostly as a way to get help with an issue that I can't solve on my own after searching for everything.

### [Pinboard (popular)](https://pinboard.in/popular/)

I sometimes check it out as it does contain some interesting links.

### Medium

I follow few publications and writers on Medium. I then view new articles from my feed [here](https://medium.com/stream/network).

### Communities and forums I frequent

I spend a lot of my time on [LA Discord server](https://discord.gg/KKYdWjt) to discuss LA development. As well as [macOS/iOS automation Telegram group](https://t.me/joinchat/BBKnQU4_rty6_942PFbPbw).

Aside from that I like visiting and at times contributing to these forums:

- [Alfred Forum](https://www.alfredforum.com)
- [Keyboard Maestro Forum](https://forum.keyboardmaestro.com/latest)
- [Indie Hackers](https://www.indiehackers.com/)
- [laarc](https://www.laarc.io/)
- [Merveilles Mastodon Instance](https://merveilles.town) - Amazing community of makers & artists.

As well as a few other Slack communities like:

- [Gophers](https://invite.slack.golangbridge.org/)
- [Kubernetes](http://slack.k8s.io)
- [VS Code Vim](https://vscodevim-slackin.azurewebsites.net/)

And these Discord servers:

- [Reactiflux](https://discord.gg/9pZJYR9)
- [Rust Programming Language](https://discordapp.com/invite/rust-lang)
- [ReasonML](https://discord.gg/Agv7fMN)
- [Python](https://pythondiscord.com/)
- [Functional programming](https://discord.gg/xQwR7P7)
- [Cardano Community](https://discordapp.com/invite/kwY6rj8)
- [QMK](https://discord.gg/mthbPUc)
- [Godot Engine](https://discord.gg/ZXJERxu)
- [r/Apple](https://discordapp.com/invite/apple)

## Publications

- [Stratechery](https://stratechery.com/)
- [Nature](https://www.nature.com/)
- [Atlas Obscura](https://www.atlasobscura.com/)
- [Logic Magazine](https://logicmag.io/)
- [Glimmer](https://glitch.com/glimmer/)

### Other

- [Awesome websites](https://github.com/learn-anything/websites#readme)
- [Hackaday](https://hackaday.com/)

## Notes

- Best time to post links (HN especially) is somewhere around 16:30 CEST so it falls nicely in both EU & NA timezones

## Links

- [News](https://medium.com/@nikitavoloboev/news-d6bcaaf40121) - I wrote briefly my opinion about consuming news and media. Although my opinion as stated in the article is still the same. My approach as indicated above has changed and hopefully became a bit more refined to meet my own goals.
- [List of Hacker News's Undocumented Features and Behaviors](https://github.com/minimaxir/hacker-news-undocumented)
- [Ask HN: Other online communities like HN? (2018)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18384680)
- [Curated list of awesome programming subreddits](https://github.com/iCHAIT/awesome-subreddits#readme)
- [Stay Safe Out There: Navigating the Negatives on Twitter (2019)](https://www.holloway.com/s/excerpt-stay-safe-out-there-navigating-the-negatives-on-twitter)
- [HN: List of Twitter mute words for your timeline (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22141903)
- [Hacker News Search](https://hn.algolia.com/) ([Code](https://github.com/algolia/hn-search))
- [Slower News](https://www.slowernews.com) - Trends, micro-trends & edge cases. ([Code](https://github.com/slowernews/slowernews))
- [ACM Queue](https://queue.acm.org/index.cfm) - Magazine for practicing software engineers.

Commit message:

analytics api art drawing aws shaders vulkan courses blockchain databases design-inspiration figma icons economy finance rules risc-v fpga macOS neural-networks music-production music networking ssh nlp docker kubernetes other wiki-workflow philosophy physics c-libraries cpp-libraries javascript js-libraries react-components python-libraries rust-libraries rust swift-libraries typescript-libraries reverse-engineering git staying-on-top-of-things shell video static-sites webassembly webrtc remote-work

research/staying-on-top-of-things.md, after:

# Staying on top of things

There is so much out there in the world. It's often hard to stay on top of things and many times not being able to understand something is frustrating so is feeling as if you are _missing out_.

Of course, it is all in my head and [mindfulness](../mindfulness/mindfulness.md) is the answer. But I still want to do my best and try and understand as many things as I can because knowing a broad range of things helps me connect the dots and pieces together faster.

I use [Pocket](https://app.getpocket.com) to send links I can't read right now from my phone/mac. It's an inbox of links I want to read through. High priority links/notes are sent as messages to myself on Telegram.

## What I use

I try to stay in touch using these few things:

### Twitter with [Tweetbot](../macOS/apps/tweetbot.md)

Twitter is my favorite social media network and it is where I share everything [I am personally up to](https://twitter.com/nikitavoloboev) right now. I love Twitter for its ability to tailor completely what news and tweets I am actually reading. I split Tweetbot into [two columns](../macOS/apps/tweetbot.md).

### [Hacker News](https://hckrnews.com/) and [Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/)

They are my two favorite news aggregators on the web. I like Lobsters for its smaller community and quite often better links and discussions.

### Reddit

My Reddit is heavily tailored to my own likes and I very often just look into some subreddits I like to see what is new. I list subreddits I like [here](https://github.com/learn-anything/reddit#readme).

I access all these subreddits using [Deanishe's Reddit worklfow](https://github.com/deanishe/alfred-reddit#readme).

### RSS with [Reeder](http://reederapp.com/mac/)

I follow [blogs I like](blogs.md) and read them through them with Reeder.

### IRC

I love using IRC with [Textual client](../macOS/apps/textual.md) and hanging out in various channels of Freenode. Mostly as a way to get help with an issue that I can't solve on my own after searching for everything.

### [Pinboard (popular)](https://pinboard.in/popular/)

I sometimes check it out as it does contain some interesting links.

### Medium

I follow few publications and writers on Medium. I then view new articles from my feed [here](https://medium.com/stream/network).

### Communities and forums I frequent

I spend a lot of my time on [LA Discord server](https://discord.gg/KKYdWjt) to discuss LA development. As well as [macOS/iOS automation Telegram group](https://t.me/joinchat/BBKnQU4_rty6_942PFbPbw).

Aside from that I like visiting and at times contributing to these forums:

- [Alfred Forum](https://www.alfredforum.com)
- [Keyboard Maestro Forum](https://forum.keyboardmaestro.com/latest)
- [Indie Hackers](https://www.indiehackers.com/)
- [laarc](https://www.laarc.io/)
- [Merveilles Mastodon Instance](https://merveilles.town) - Amazing community of makers & artists.

As well as a few other Slack communities like:

- [Gophers](https://invite.slack.golangbridge.org/)
- [Kubernetes](http://slack.k8s.io)
- [VS Code Vim](https://vscodevim-slackin.azurewebsites.net/)

And these Discord servers:

- [Reactiflux](https://discord.gg/9pZJYR9)
- [Rust Programming Language](https://discordapp.com/invite/rust-lang)
- [ReasonML](https://discord.gg/Agv7fMN)
- [Python](https://pythondiscord.com/)
- [Functional programming](https://discord.gg/xQwR7P7)
- [Cardano Community](https://discordapp.com/invite/kwY6rj8)
- [QMK](https://discord.gg/mthbPUc)
- [Godot Engine](https://discord.gg/ZXJERxu)
- [r/Apple](https://discordapp.com/invite/apple)

## Publications

- [Stratechery](https://stratechery.com/)
- [Nature](https://www.nature.com/)
- [Atlas Obscura](https://www.atlasobscura.com/)
- [Logic Magazine](https://logicmag.io/)
- [Glimmer](https://glitch.com/glimmer/)

### Other

- [Awesome websites](https://github.com/learn-anything/websites#readme)
- [Hackaday](https://hackaday.com/)
- [MOOCReport by Class Central](https://www.classcentral.com/report/) - Latest news and trends in online education.

## Notes

- Best time to post links (HN especially) is somewhere around 16:30 CEST so it falls nicely in both EU & NA timezones

## Links

- [News](https://medium.com/@nikitavoloboev/news-d6bcaaf40121) - I wrote briefly my opinion about consuming news and media. Although my opinion as stated in the article is still the same. My approach as indicated above has changed and hopefully became a bit more refined to meet my own goals.
- [List of Hacker News's Undocumented Features and Behaviors](https://github.com/minimaxir/hacker-news-undocumented)
- [Ask HN: Other online communities like HN? (2018)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18384680)
- [Curated list of awesome programming subreddits](https://github.com/iCHAIT/awesome-subreddits#readme)
- [Stay Safe Out There: Navigating the Negatives on Twitter (2019)](https://www.holloway.com/s/excerpt-stay-safe-out-there-navigating-the-negatives-on-twitter)
- [HN: List of Twitter mute words for your timeline (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22141903)
- [Hacker News Search](https://hn.algolia.com/) ([Code](https://github.com/algolia/hn-search))
- [Slower News](https://www.slowernews.com) - Trends, micro-trends & edge cases. ([Code](https://github.com/slowernews/slowernews))
- [ACM Queue](https://queue.acm.org/index.cfm) - Magazine for practicing software engineers.
