cloud-computing/aws/aws.md, before:

# [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/)

AWS is genuinely pretty amazing for what it allows you to do. It also has a [generous free tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/).

## Interesting

- [AWS Aurora](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/) - MySQL and PostgreSQL-compatible relational database built for the cloud.
- [Amazon Lex](https://aws.amazon.com/lex/) - Conversational interfaces for your applications powered by the same deep learning technologies as Alexa.
- [AWS Lambda Layers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-layers.html)
- [AWS AppSync](https://aws.amazon.com/appsync/) - Power your applications with the right data, from one or more data sources, at global scale.
- [AWS Amplify](https://aws-amplify.github.io/) - Build on a flexible, scalable, and reliable serverless backend.
- [Amazon Neptune](https://aws.amazon.com/neptune/) - Fast, reliable graph database built for the cloud.
- [RDS Proxy](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/proxy/) - Fully managed, highly available database proxy for Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS).

## Links

- [AWS in plain English](https://www.expeditedssl.com/aws-in-plain-english) - Great reference.
- [AWS practical guide](https://github.com/open-guides/og-aws#readme)
- [AWS Cloud Development Kit](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-cdk#readme) - Framework for defining cloud infrastructure in code.
- [AWS Fargate Action](https://github.com/jessfraz/aws-fargate-action) - GitHub action to deploy to AWS Fargate on push to the master branch.
- [AWS Serverless Application Model](https://github.com/awslabs/serverless-application-model) - Contains the SAM specification, the code that translates SAM templates into AWS CloudFormation stacks, general information about the model, and examples of common applications.
- [Kubernetes on AWS with Terraform](https://github.com/xuwang/kube-aws-terraform) - Kubernetes implementation using CoreOS on AWS platform.
- [Cloud Reports](https://github.com/tensult/cloud-reports) - Scans your AWS cloud resources and generates reports.
- [CloudMapper](https://github.com/duo-labs/cloudmapper) - Helps you analyze your Amazon Web Services (AWS) environments.
- [AWS costs every programmer should know (2019)](https://david-codes.hatanian.com/2019/06/09/aws-costs-every-programmer-should-now.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20138409))
- [AWS SDK for Go](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go)
- [awless](https://github.com/wallix/awless) - Mighty CLI for AWS.
- [Easy Amazon EC2 Instance Comparison](https://ec2instances.info/)
- [Buildkite Elastic CI Stack](https://github.com/buildkite/elastic-ci-stack-for-aws) - Gives you a private, autoscaling Buildkite Agent cluster.
- [sqs-consumer](https://github.com/bbc/sqs-consumer) - Build Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) based applications without the boilerplate.
- [The \$10m engineering problem (2019)](https://segment.com/blog/the-10m-engineering-problem/)
- [AWSume](https://github.com/trek10inc/awsume) - Utility for easily assuming AWS IAM roles from the command line.
- [Modern applications at AWS (2019)](https://www.allthingsdistributed.com/2019/08/modern-applications-at-aws.html)
- [cw](https://github.com/lucagrulla/cw) - Best way to tail AWS CloudWatch Logs from your terminal.
- [The Good Parts of AWS book (2019)](https://gumroad.com/l/aws-good-parts)
- [Last Week in AWS](https://www.lastweekinaws.com/) - News and newsletter about latest offerings of AWS.
- [The Amazon Premium (2019)](http://calpaterson.com/amazon-premium.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21835366))
- [AWS Security Toolbox (AST) (2019)](https://zoph.me/posts/2019-12-16-aws-security-toolbox/)
- [AWS Glossary](https://github.com/sw-yx/aws-glossary#readme)
- [AWS Cost Optimization 101 (2020)](https://cloudonaut.io/aws-cost-optimization-101)
- [Building a Serverless Podcast Search Engine on AWS (2019)](https://medium.com/@budilov/building-a-serverless-podcast-search-engine-on-aws-part-1-f6e58fbc3c06)
- [Architecting for the Cloud - AWS Best Practices (2019)](https://tlakomy.com/architecting-for-the-cloud-aws-best-practices-part-1/)
- [Bash-my-AWS](https://bash-my-aws.org/) - Simple but extremely powerful set of CLI commands for managing resources on Amazon Web Services. ([Code](https://github.com/bash-my-aws/bash-my-aws))
- [AWS Docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/)
- [Awesome AWS Amplify](https://github.com/dabit3/awesome-aws-amplify#readme)
- [Better Way to SSH in AWS (With RDS tunneling and security automation) (2020)](https://nullsweep.com/a-better-way-to-ssh-in-aws/)
- [Serverless Microservice Patterns for AWS (2019)](https://www.jeremydaly.com/serverless-microservice-patterns-for-aws/)
- [AWS SDK for Go v2](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2)
- [SSM Helpers](https://github.com/disneystreaming/ssm-helpers) - Help manage AWS systems manager with helpers.
- [The good parts of AWS - A visual summary (2020)](https://hassenchaieb.com/aws-good-parts/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22608106))
- [Amazon EKS workshop](https://github.com/pahud/amazon-eks-workshop)
- [Amazon SSM Agent](https://github.com/aws/amazon-ssm-agent) - Agent to enable remote management of your Amazon EC2 instance configuration.
- [Amazon CodeGuru](https://aws.amazon.com/codeguru/) - Automate code reviews. Identify your most expensive lines of code. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21695330))
- [LocalStack](https://github.com/localstack/localstack) - Fully functional local AWS cloud stack. ([Web](https://localstack.cloud/))
- [Punchcard](https://github.com/punchcard/punchcard) - Type-safe AWS infrastructure.
- [Infrastructure as Code on AWS in a familiar language — the right way with InGraph (2020)](https://read.acloud.guru/infrastructure-as-code-on-aws-in-a-familiar-language-the-right-way-ingraph-63a8fb4cfff)
- [AWS Data Wrangler](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-data-wrangler) - Pandas on AWS.
- [AWS Well-Architected Framework](https://wa.aws.amazon.com/index.en.html)
- [aws-api-tools](https://github.com/jaypipes/aws-api-tools) - Tools to explore and transform AWS service APIs.
- [Kubernetes Daemonset to gracefully handle EC2 instance shutdown](https://github.com/aws/aws-node-termination-handler)
- [AWS CDK RFCs](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk-rfcs#readme)
- [AWS AppSync GraphQL Photo Sample](https://github.com/aws-samples/aws-amplify-graphql)
- [AWS Icons for PlantUML](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-icons-for-plantuml)
- [Simple storage pricing calculator for AWS](https://www.duckbillgroup.com/aws-super-simple-storage-calculator/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22971656))
- [AWS SDK for JavaScript](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3)
- [S3Proxy](https://github.com/gaul/s3proxy) - Access other storage backends via the S3 API.
- [saws](https://github.com/donnemartin/saws) - Supercharged AWS command line interface.

Commit message:

api aws design-inspiration design-systems 2020-april macOS-apps fractals statistics authentication networking haskell-libraries rust-libraries interviews

cloud-computing/aws/aws.md, after:

# [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/)

AWS is genuinely pretty amazing for what it allows you to do. It also has a [generous free tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/).

## Interesting

- [AWS Aurora](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/) - MySQL and PostgreSQL-compatible relational database built for the cloud.
- [Amazon Lex](https://aws.amazon.com/lex/) - Conversational interfaces for your applications powered by the same deep learning technologies as Alexa.
- [AWS Lambda Layers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-layers.html)
- [AWS AppSync](https://aws.amazon.com/appsync/) - Power your applications with the right data, from one or more data sources, at global scale.
- [AWS Amplify](https://aws-amplify.github.io/) - Build on a flexible, scalable, and reliable serverless backend.
- [Amazon Neptune](https://aws.amazon.com/neptune/) - Fast, reliable graph database built for the cloud.
- [RDS Proxy](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/proxy/) - Fully managed, highly available database proxy for Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS).

## Links

- [AWS in plain English](https://www.expeditedssl.com/aws-in-plain-english) - Great reference.
- [AWS practical guide](https://github.com/open-guides/og-aws#readme)
- [AWS Cloud Development Kit](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-cdk#readme) - Framework for defining cloud infrastructure in code.
- [AWS Fargate Action](https://github.com/jessfraz/aws-fargate-action) - GitHub action to deploy to AWS Fargate on push to the master branch.
- [AWS Serverless Application Model](https://github.com/awslabs/serverless-application-model) - Contains the SAM specification, the code that translates SAM templates into AWS CloudFormation stacks, general information about the model, and examples of common applications.
- [Kubernetes on AWS with Terraform](https://github.com/xuwang/kube-aws-terraform) - Kubernetes implementation using CoreOS on AWS platform.
- [Cloud Reports](https://github.com/tensult/cloud-reports) - Scans your AWS cloud resources and generates reports.
- [CloudMapper](https://github.com/duo-labs/cloudmapper) - Helps you analyze your Amazon Web Services (AWS) environments.
- [AWS costs every programmer should know (2019)](https://david-codes.hatanian.com/2019/06/09/aws-costs-every-programmer-should-now.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20138409))
- [awless](https://github.com/wallix/awless) - Mighty CLI for AWS.
- [Easy Amazon EC2 Instance Comparison](https://ec2instances.info/)
- [Buildkite Elastic CI Stack](https://github.com/buildkite/elastic-ci-stack-for-aws) - Gives you a private, autoscaling Buildkite Agent cluster.
- [sqs-consumer](https://github.com/bbc/sqs-consumer) - Build Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) based applications without the boilerplate.
- [The \$10m engineering problem (2019)](https://segment.com/blog/the-10m-engineering-problem/)
- [AWSume](https://github.com/trek10inc/awsume) - Utility for easily assuming AWS IAM roles from the command line.
- [Modern applications at AWS (2019)](https://www.allthingsdistributed.com/2019/08/modern-applications-at-aws.html)
- [cw](https://github.com/lucagrulla/cw) - Best way to tail AWS CloudWatch Logs from your terminal.
- [The Good Parts of AWS book (2019)](https://gumroad.com/l/aws-good-parts)
- [Last Week in AWS](https://www.lastweekinaws.com/) - News and newsletter about latest offerings of AWS.
- [The Amazon Premium (2019)](http://calpaterson.com/amazon-premium.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21835366))
- [AWS Security Toolbox (AST) (2019)](https://zoph.me/posts/2019-12-16-aws-security-toolbox/)
- [AWS Glossary](https://github.com/sw-yx/aws-glossary#readme)
- [AWS Cost Optimization 101 (2020)](https://cloudonaut.io/aws-cost-optimization-101)
- [Building a Serverless Podcast Search Engine on AWS (2019)](https://medium.com/@budilov/building-a-serverless-podcast-search-engine-on-aws-part-1-f6e58fbc3c06)
- [Architecting for the Cloud - AWS Best Practices (2019)](https://tlakomy.com/architecting-for-the-cloud-aws-best-practices-part-1/)
- [Bash-my-AWS](https://bash-my-aws.org/) - Simple but extremely powerful set of CLI commands for managing resources on Amazon Web Services. ([Code](https://github.com/bash-my-aws/bash-my-aws))
- [AWS Docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/)
- [Awesome AWS Amplify](https://github.com/dabit3/awesome-aws-amplify#readme)
- [Better Way to SSH in AWS (With RDS tunneling and security automation) (2020)](https://nullsweep.com/a-better-way-to-ssh-in-aws/)
- [Serverless Microservice Patterns for AWS (2019)](https://www.jeremydaly.com/serverless-microservice-patterns-for-aws/)
- [AWS SDK for Go v2](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2)
- [SSM Helpers](https://github.com/disneystreaming/ssm-helpers) - Help manage AWS systems manager with helpers.
- [The good parts of AWS - A visual summary (2020)](https://hassenchaieb.com/aws-good-parts/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22608106))
- [Amazon EKS workshop](https://github.com/pahud/amazon-eks-workshop)
- [Amazon SSM Agent](https://github.com/aws/amazon-ssm-agent) - Agent to enable remote management of your Amazon EC2 instance configuration.
- [Amazon CodeGuru](https://aws.amazon.com/codeguru/) - Automate code reviews. Identify your most expensive lines of code. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21695330))
- [LocalStack](https://github.com/localstack/localstack) - Fully functional local AWS cloud stack. ([Web](https://localstack.cloud/))
- [Punchcard](https://github.com/punchcard/punchcard) - Type-safe AWS infrastructure.
- [Infrastructure as Code on AWS in a familiar language — the right way with InGraph (2020)](https://read.acloud.guru/infrastructure-as-code-on-aws-in-a-familiar-language-the-right-way-ingraph-63a8fb4cfff)
- [AWS Data Wrangler](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-data-wrangler) - Pandas on AWS.
- [AWS Well-Architected Framework](https://wa.aws.amazon.com/index.en.html)
- [aws-api-tools](https://github.com/jaypipes/aws-api-tools) - Tools to explore and transform AWS service APIs.
- [Kubernetes Daemonset to gracefully handle EC2 instance shutdown](https://github.com/aws/aws-node-termination-handler)
- [AWS CDK RFCs](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk-rfcs#readme)
- [AWS AppSync GraphQL Photo Sample](https://github.com/aws-samples/aws-amplify-graphql)
- [AWS Icons for PlantUML](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-icons-for-plantuml)
- [Simple storage pricing calculator for AWS](https://www.duckbillgroup.com/aws-super-simple-storage-calculator/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22971656))
- [S3Proxy](https://github.com/gaul/s3proxy) - Access other storage backends via the S3 API.
- [saws](https://github.com/donnemartin/saws) - Supercharged AWS command line interface.
- [AWS SDK for Go](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go)
- [AWS SDK for JavaScript](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3)
- [AWS SDK for Haskell](https://github.com/brendanhay/amazonka) - Comprehensive Amazon Web Services SDK.
