compilers/compilers.md, before:

# Compilers

## Links

- [Haskell to WebAssembly](https://github.com/tweag/asterius)
- [Awesome compilers](https://github.com/aalhour/awesome-compilers#readme)
- [Compiler Optimization examples](http://compileroptimizations.com/)
- [Compiler Explorer](https://godbolt.org/z/52EQ8A) - Run compilers interactively from your web browser and interact with the assembly.
- [ShivyC](https://github.com/ShivamSarodia/ShivyC) - C compiler created in Python.
- [swc](https://github.com/swc-project/swc) - Super-fast alternative for Babel.
- [Introduction to Compilers](https://github.com/ahoppen/introduction-to-compilers) - Swift Playground giving an overview over the inner workings of modern compilers.
- [ccache](https://github.com/ccache/ccache) - Fast compiler cache.
- [Starlark in Go](https://github.com/google/starlark-go) - The Starlark configuration language, implemented in Go.
- [Modern CMake Examples](https://github.com/pr0g/cmake-examples#readme)
- [sccache](https://github.com/mozilla/sccache) - Shared Compilation Cache.
- [Compilers: Principles, Techniques, and Tools book (1986)](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/703102.Compilers)
- [Short overview of "C--"](https://www.cs.tufts.edu/~nr/c--/index.html)
- [The C-- Language Specification](https://www.cs.tufts.edu/~nr/c--/extern/man2.pdf)
- [How to become an expert in compilers the long way? (2019)](https://forums.swift.org/t/how-to-become-an-expert-in-compilers-the-long-way/22175)
- [So You Want to Be a (Compiler) Wizard (2016)](http://belkadan.com/blog/2016/05/So-You-Want-To-Be-A-Compiler-Wizard/)
- [I Built a Lisp Compiler (2019)](https://mpov.timmorgan.org/i-built-a-lisp-compiler/)
- [tal](https://github.com/sweirich/tal) - Implementation of Typed Assembly Language (Morrisett, Walker, Crary, Glew).
- [microml](https://github.com/hellerve/microml) - Minimal ML, type-inferred, compiled, and/or interpreted in less than 800 lines.
- [libffi](https://github.com/libffi/libffi) - Portable foreign-function interface library.
- [go2ll](https://github.com/pwaller/go2ll) - Toy go compiler to LLVM.
- [Where does YOUR compiler come from? - Vincent Ambo (2018)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3r6GvCBbw4)
- [libFirm](https://github.com/libfirm/libfirm) - Graph based intermediate representation and backend for optimising compilers.
- [mimalloc](https://github.com/microsoft/mimalloc) - Compact general purpose allocator with excellent performance.
- [BOLT](https://github.com/facebookincubator/BOLT) - Binary Optimization and Layout Tool - A linux command-line utility used for optimizing performance of binaries. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22654229))
- [Propeller](https://github.com/google/llvm-propeller) - Profile Guided Optimizing Large Scale LLVM-based Relinker.
- [Intel(r) SPMD Program Compiler](https://github.com/ispc/ispc) - Compiler for a variant of the C programming language, with extensions for single program, multiple data programming.
- [hobbes](https://github.com/Morgan-Stanley/hobbes) - Language and an embedded JIT compiler.
- [Crafting Interpreters book](http://www.craftinginterpreters.com/) ([Code](https://github.com/munificent/craftinginterpreters))
- [Crafting "Crafting Interpreters" (2020)](http://journal.stuffwithstuff.com/2020/04/05/crafting-crafting-interpreters/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22788738))
- [Compiling a Functional Language Using C++, Part 0 - Intro (2019)](https://danilafe.com/blog/00_compiler_intro/)
- [Compiling at Compile Time (2019)](https://blog.veitheller.de/Compiling_at_Compile_Time.html)
- [MLIR: Multi-Level Intermediate Representation for Compiler Infrastructure - Tatiana Shpeisman, Chris Lattner (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzljG6DKgic)
- [How an Optimizing Compiler Works (2019)](http://www.lihaoyi.com/post/HowanOptimizingCompilerWorks.html)
- [Dive into Deep Learning Compiler](http://tvm.d2l.ai.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/)
- [A Survey of Compiler Testing (2019)](http://software-lab.org/publications/csur2019_compiler_testing.pdf)
- [Functional Language Research Compiler (FLRC)](https://github.com/IntelLabs/flrc) - Designed to be a general compiler framework for functional languages.
- [Compiling pattern matching (2013)](http://l-lang.org/blog/Compiling-pattern-matching/)
- [dino](https://github.com/sunjay/dino) - Compiler / PL Experimentation in Rust.
- [Advanced Compilers course (2019)](https://www.cs.cornell.edu/courses/cs6120/2019fa/)
- [GRIN](https://github.com/grin-compiler/grin) - Compiler back-end for lazy and strict functional languages with whole program optimization support. ([Website](https://grin-compiler.github.io/))
- [Compiler Writing Journey](https://github.com/DoctorWkt/acwj#readme)
- [Listing of compiler, language and runtime teams for people looking for jobs in this area](https://github.com/mgaudet/CompilerJobs#readme)
- [Basics of Compiler Design](httwp://hjemmesider.diku.dk/~torbenm/Basics/basics_lulu2.pdf) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21778546))
- [Computer Language Engineering course (2019)](https://github.com/6035/fa19)
- [MazuCC](https://github.com/jserv/MazuCC) - Minimalist C compiler with x86_64 code generation.
- [Dive into Deep Learning Compiler](http://tvm.d2l.ai/)
- [Compiler Auto-Vectorization with Imitation Learning](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/9604-compiler-auto-vectorization-with-imitation-learning.pdf) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21968118))
- [AST Explorer](https://astexplorer.net/)
- [Clang Build Analyzer](https://github.com/aras-p/ClangBuildAnalyzer) - Can be useful to figure out what takes time during compilation of one source file.
- [CS 6120: Advanced Compilers course](https://www.cs.cornell.edu/courses/cs6120/2019fa/) ([Code](https://github.com/sampsyo/cs6120))
- [A Survey on Compiler Autotuning using Machine Learning (2018)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1801.04405)
- [Compilers for humans](https://compilersforhumans.com/)
- [Compiler notes](http://www-cs-students.stanford.edu/~blynn/compiler/)
- [Adventures of a Haskell compiler](https://crypto.stanford.edu/~blynn/compiler/) - Main goal is to continually level-up a self-hosting Haskell compiler. ([Code](https://github.com/blynn/compiler))
- [Compiler Design course by Frank Pfenning (2014)](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~fp/courses/15411-f14/)
- [HOT Compilation course (2015)](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~crary/hotc-f15/)
- [Compiler Design course (2020)](https://courses.ccs.neu.edu/cs4410/)
- [CMSC430: Introduction to Compilers (2017)](http://www.cs.umd.edu/class/fall2017/cmsc430/)
- [Book about compiling Racket to x86-64 assembly](https://github.com/IUCompilerCourse/Essentials-of-Compilation)
- [Principles of Compiler Design](https://www.cs.swarthmore.edu/~jpolitz/cs75/s16/)
- [Essentials of Interpretation (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLGNbPb3dQJ_4WT_m3aI3T2LRf2R_FKM2k) - Course on implementing an interpreter for a programming language similar to Python or JavaScript, from scratch.
- [htcc](https://github.com/falgon/htcc) - Tiny C language compiler (x86-64).
- [Termite](https://github.com/hanwen/termite) - Generic distributed compilation system.
- [A Simple Graph-Based Intermediate Representation (1995)](http://paperhub.s3.amazonaws.com/24842c95fb1bc5d7c5da2ec735e106f0.pdf) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22223820))
- [CS164: Introduction to the design of programming languages course (2019)](http://www-inst.eecs.berkeley.edu/~cs164/sp19/)
- [Let's Build a Compiler, by Jack Crenshaw](https://compilers.iecc.com/crenshaw/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22346532))
- [Automatic peephole optimizer for Cranelift JIT compiler](https://github.com/jubitaneja/codegen)
- [Let's Build A Simple Interpreter](https://github.com/rspivak/lsbasi)
- [Introduction to Static Analysis - An Abstract Interpretation Perspective (2020)](https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/introduction-static-analysis)
- [Zig cc: A drop-in replacement for GCC/Clang (2020)](https://andrewkelley.me/post/zig-cc-powerful-drop-in-replacement-gcc-clang.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22679138)) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/dw9qyv/zig_cc_powerful_drop_replacement_for_gcc))
- [Basics of Compiler Design (2000)](http://hjemmesider.diku.dk/~torbenm/Basics/basics_lulu2.pdf) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21778546))
- [Modern Compiler Implementation in ML book (1998)](https://www.cs.princeton.edu/~appel/modern/ml/) ([Rust code](https://github.com/antoyo/tiger-rs))
- [Efficient Deconstruction with Typed Pointer Reversal (2019)](https://hal.inria.fr/hal-02177326v2)

Commit message:

SUMMARY art books compilers data-structures chess game-engines autonomous-driving ml-libraries pytorch neural-networks type-theory bittorrent quic containers docker kubernetes operating-systems other cpp-libraries go-libraries js-libraries julia-libraries racket programming-languages python-libraries rust-libraries swift jupyter-notebooks git tools united-states

compilers/compilers.md, after:

# Compilers

## Links

- [Haskell to WebAssembly](https://github.com/tweag/asterius)
- [Awesome compilers](https://github.com/aalhour/awesome-compilers#readme)
- [Compiler Optimization examples](http://compileroptimizations.com/)
- [Compiler Explorer](https://godbolt.org/z/52EQ8A) - Run compilers interactively from your web browser and interact with the assembly.
- [ShivyC](https://github.com/ShivamSarodia/ShivyC) - C compiler created in Python.
- [swc](https://github.com/swc-project/swc) - Super-fast alternative for Babel.
- [Introduction to Compilers](https://github.com/ahoppen/introduction-to-compilers) - Swift Playground giving an overview over the inner workings of modern compilers.
- [ccache](https://github.com/ccache/ccache) - Fast compiler cache.
- [Starlark in Go](https://github.com/google/starlark-go) - The Starlark configuration language, implemented in Go.
- [Modern CMake Examples](https://github.com/pr0g/cmake-examples#readme)
- [sccache](https://github.com/mozilla/sccache) - Shared Compilation Cache.
- [Compilers: Principles, Techniques, and Tools book (1986)](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/703102.Compilers)
- [Short overview of "C--"](https://www.cs.tufts.edu/~nr/c--/index.html)
- [The C-- Language Specification](https://www.cs.tufts.edu/~nr/c--/extern/man2.pdf)
- [How to become an expert in compilers the long way? (2019)](https://forums.swift.org/t/how-to-become-an-expert-in-compilers-the-long-way/22175)
- [So You Want to Be a (Compiler) Wizard (2016)](http://belkadan.com/blog/2016/05/So-You-Want-To-Be-A-Compiler-Wizard/)
- [I Built a Lisp Compiler (2019)](https://mpov.timmorgan.org/i-built-a-lisp-compiler/)
- [tal](https://github.com/sweirich/tal) - Implementation of Typed Assembly Language (Morrisett, Walker, Crary, Glew).
- [microml](https://github.com/hellerve/microml) - Minimal ML, type-inferred, compiled, and/or interpreted in less than 800 lines.
- [libffi](https://github.com/libffi/libffi) - Portable foreign-function interface library.
- [go2ll](https://github.com/pwaller/go2ll) - Toy go compiler to LLVM.
- [Where does YOUR compiler come from? - Vincent Ambo (2018)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3r6GvCBbw4)
- [libFirm](https://github.com/libfirm/libfirm) - Graph based intermediate representation and backend for optimising compilers.
- [mimalloc](https://github.com/microsoft/mimalloc) - Compact general purpose allocator with excellent performance.
- [BOLT](https://github.com/facebookincubator/BOLT) - Binary Optimization and Layout Tool - A linux command-line utility used for optimizing performance of binaries. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22654229))
- [Propeller](https://github.com/google/llvm-propeller) - Profile Guided Optimizing Large Scale LLVM-based Relinker.
- [Intel(r) SPMD Program Compiler](https://github.com/ispc/ispc) - Compiler for a variant of the C programming language, with extensions for single program, multiple data programming.
- [hobbes](https://github.com/Morgan-Stanley/hobbes) - Language and an embedded JIT compiler.
- [Crafting Interpreters book](http://www.craftinginterpreters.com/) ([Code](https://github.com/munificent/craftinginterpreters))
- [Compiling a Functional Language Using C++, Part 0 - Intro (2019)](https://danilafe.com/blog/00_compiler_intro/)
- [Compiling at Compile Time (2019)](https://blog.veitheller.de/Compiling_at_Compile_Time.html)
- [MLIR: Multi-Level Intermediate Representation for Compiler Infrastructure - Tatiana Shpeisman, Chris Lattner (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzljG6DKgic)
- [How an Optimizing Compiler Works (2019)](http://www.lihaoyi.com/post/HowanOptimizingCompilerWorks.html)
- [Dive into Deep Learning Compiler](http://tvm.d2l.ai.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/)
- [A Survey of Compiler Testing (2019)](http://software-lab.org/publications/csur2019_compiler_testing.pdf)
- [Functional Language Research Compiler (FLRC)](https://github.com/IntelLabs/flrc) - Designed to be a general compiler framework for functional languages.
- [Compiling pattern matching (2013)](http://l-lang.org/blog/Compiling-pattern-matching/)
- [dino](https://github.com/sunjay/dino) - Compiler / PL Experimentation in Rust.
- [Advanced Compilers course (2019)](https://www.cs.cornell.edu/courses/cs6120/2019fa/)
- [GRIN](https://github.com/grin-compiler/grin) - Compiler back-end for lazy and strict functional languages with whole program optimization support. ([Website](https://grin-compiler.github.io/))
- [Compiler Writing Journey](https://github.com/DoctorWkt/acwj#readme)
- [Listing of compiler, language and runtime teams for people looking for jobs in this area](https://github.com/mgaudet/CompilerJobs#readme)
- [Basics of Compiler Design](httwp://hjemmesider.diku.dk/~torbenm/Basics/basics_lulu2.pdf) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21778546))
- [Computer Language Engineering course (2019)](https://github.com/6035/fa19)
- [MazuCC](https://github.com/jserv/MazuCC) - Minimalist C compiler with x86_64 code generation.
- [Dive into Deep Learning Compiler](http://tvm.d2l.ai/)
- [Compiler Auto-Vectorization with Imitation Learning](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/9604-compiler-auto-vectorization-with-imitation-learning.pdf) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21968118))
- [AST Explorer](https://astexplorer.net/)
- [Clang Build Analyzer](https://github.com/aras-p/ClangBuildAnalyzer) - Can be useful to figure out what takes time during compilation of one source file.
- [CS 6120: Advanced Compilers course](https://www.cs.cornell.edu/courses/cs6120/2019fa/) ([Code](https://github.com/sampsyo/cs6120))
- [A Survey on Compiler Autotuning using Machine Learning (2018)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1801.04405)
- [Compilers for humans](https://compilersforhumans.com/)
- [Compiler notes](http://www-cs-students.stanford.edu/~blynn/compiler/)
- [Adventures of a Haskell compiler](https://crypto.stanford.edu/~blynn/compiler/) - Main goal is to continually level-up a self-hosting Haskell compiler. ([Code](https://github.com/blynn/compiler))
- [Compiler Design course by Frank Pfenning (2014)](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~fp/courses/15411-f14/)
- [HOT Compilation course (2015)](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~crary/hotc-f15/)
- [Compiler Design course (2020)](https://courses.ccs.neu.edu/cs4410/)
- [CMSC430: Introduction to Compilers (2017)](http://www.cs.umd.edu/class/fall2017/cmsc430/)
- [Book about compiling Racket to x86-64 assembly](https://github.com/IUCompilerCourse/Essentials-of-Compilation)
- [Principles of Compiler Design](https://www.cs.swarthmore.edu/~jpolitz/cs75/s16/)
- [Essentials of Interpretation (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLGNbPb3dQJ_4WT_m3aI3T2LRf2R_FKM2k) - Course on implementing an interpreter for a programming language similar to Python or JavaScript, from scratch.
- [htcc](https://github.com/falgon/htcc) - Tiny C language compiler (x86-64).
- [Termite](https://github.com/hanwen/termite) - Generic distributed compilation system.
- [A Simple Graph-Based Intermediate Representation (1995)](http://paperhub.s3.amazonaws.com/24842c95fb1bc5d7c5da2ec735e106f0.pdf) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22223820))
- [CS164: Introduction to the design of programming languages course (2019)](http://www-inst.eecs.berkeley.edu/~cs164/sp19/)
- [Let's Build a Compiler, by Jack Crenshaw](https://compilers.iecc.com/crenshaw/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22346532))
- [Automatic peephole optimizer for Cranelift JIT compiler](https://github.com/jubitaneja/codegen)
- [Let's Build A Simple Interpreter](https://github.com/rspivak/lsbasi)
- [Introduction to Static Analysis - An Abstract Interpretation Perspective (2020)](https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/introduction-static-analysis)
- [Zig cc: A drop-in replacement for GCC/Clang (2020)](https://andrewkelley.me/post/zig-cc-powerful-drop-in-replacement-gcc-clang.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22679138)) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/dw9qyv/zig_cc_powerful_drop_replacement_for_gcc))
- [Basics of Compiler Design (2000)](http://hjemmesider.diku.dk/~torbenm/Basics/basics_lulu2.pdf) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21778546))
- [Modern Compiler Implementation in ML book (1998)](https://www.cs.princeton.edu/~appel/modern/ml/) ([Rust code](https://github.com/antoyo/tiger-rs))
- [Efficient Deconstruction with Typed Pointer Reversal (2019)](https://hal.inria.fr/hal-02177326v2)
- [Scripts for building compilers that run anywhere, which build things that run anywhere](https://github.com/theopolis/build-anywhere)
