programming-languages/typescript/typescript-libraries/typescript-libraries.md, before:

# TypeScript libraries

## Other

- [ow](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ow) - Argument type validation.
- [ts-toolbelt](https://github.com/pirix-gh/ts-toolbelt) - Higher type safety for TypeScript.
- [morphic-ts](https://github.com/sledorze/morphic-ts) - Adresses the pain of writting and maintaining derived code for business logic.
- [ts-results](https://github.com/vultix/ts-results) - TypeScript implementation of Rust's Result object.
- [TSDataStructure](https://github.com/Slashmsu/TSDataStructure) - Collection of data structures(LinkedList, DoubleLinkedList, Stack, Queue, Dictionary and etc...) for TypeScript.
- [fp-ts](https://github.com/gcanti/fp-ts) - Functional programming in TypeScript.
- [fp-ts-contrib](https://github.com/gcanti/fp-ts-contrib) - Community driven utility package for fp-ts.
- [typescript-utilities-guide](https://github.com/typescript-cheatsheets/typescript-utilities-cheatsheet) - List of typescript helper libraries.
- [tsdef](https://github.com/joonhocho/tsdef) - TypeScript common pattern shortcut definitions / utility gist library.
- [ts-auto-guard](https://github.com/usabilityhub/ts-auto-guard) - Generate type guard functions from TypeScript interfaces.
- [ts-adt](https://github.com/pfgray/ts-adt) - Generate Algebraic Data Types and pattern matchers.
- [ts-mockito](https://github.com/NagRock/ts-mockito) - Mocking library for TypeScript.
- [class-validator](https://github.com/typestack/class-validator) - Validation made easy using TypeScript decorators.
- [List](https://github.com/funkia/list) - Immutable list with unmatched performance and a comprehensive functional API.
- [Photon](https://github.com/prisma/photonjs) - Type-safe database client for TypeScript & Node.js (ORM replacement).
- [ts-essentials](https://github.com/krzkaczor/ts-essentials) - All basic TypeScript types in one place.
- [ts-transformer-keys](https://github.com/kimamula/ts-transformer-keys) - TypeScript custom transformer which enables to obtain keys of given type.
- [ts-prune](https://github.com/nadeesha/ts-prune) - Find unused exports in a typescript project.
- [byots](https://github.com/basarat/byots) - Bring your own TypeScript with more internal definitions.
- [is](https://github.com/sindresorhus/is) - Type check values.
- [sql-ts](https://github.com/rmp135/sql-ts) - Generate TypeScript types from a SQL database.
- [Mostly ORMless](https://github.com/jawj/mostly-ormless) - Ergonomic Postgres from TypeScript.
- [Unionize](https://github.com/pelotom/unionize) - Boilerplate-free functional sum types in TypeScript.
- [zod](https://github.com/vriad/zod) - Typescript-first schema validation with static type inference.
- [utility-types](https://github.com/piotrwitek/utility-types) - Collection of utility types, complementing TypeScript built-in mapped types and aliases.
- [fetcher-ts](https://github.com/YBogomolov/fetcher-ts) - Type-safe wrapper around Fetch API.
- [gretchen](https://github.com/truework/gretchen) - Making fetch happen in TypeScript.

## Links

- [TypeScript library starter](https://github.com/alexjoverm/typescript-library-starter#readme) - Starter kit with zero-config for building a library in TypeScript, featuring RollupJS, Jest, Prettier, TSLint, Semantic Release, and more.
- [check-dts](https://github.com/ai/check-dts) - Unit tests for TypeScript definitions in your JS open source library.
- [LiTScript](https://github.com/johtela/litscript) - Documentation generation tool that draws inspiration from literate programming.

Commit message:

computer-vision computer-science databases html hardware containers ios operating-systems swift-libraries typescript-libraries reactive-programming

programming-languages/typescript/typescript-libraries/typescript-libraries.md, after:

# TypeScript libraries

## Other

- [ow](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ow) - Argument type validation.
- [ts-toolbelt](https://github.com/pirix-gh/ts-toolbelt) - Higher type safety for TypeScript.
- [morphic-ts](https://github.com/sledorze/morphic-ts) - Adresses the pain of writting and maintaining derived code for business logic.
- [ts-results](https://github.com/vultix/ts-results) - TypeScript implementation of Rust's Result object.
- [TSDataStructure](https://github.com/Slashmsu/TSDataStructure) - Collection of data structures(LinkedList, DoubleLinkedList, Stack, Queue, Dictionary and etc...) for TypeScript.
- [fp-ts](https://github.com/gcanti/fp-ts) - Functional programming in TypeScript.
- [fp-ts-contrib](https://github.com/gcanti/fp-ts-contrib) - Community driven utility package for fp-ts.
- [typescript-utilities-guide](https://github.com/typescript-cheatsheets/typescript-utilities-cheatsheet) - List of typescript helper libraries.
- [tsdef](https://github.com/joonhocho/tsdef) - TypeScript common pattern shortcut definitions / utility gist library.
- [ts-auto-guard](https://github.com/usabilityhub/ts-auto-guard) - Generate type guard functions from TypeScript interfaces.
- [ts-adt](https://github.com/pfgray/ts-adt) - Generate Algebraic Data Types and pattern matchers.
- [ts-mockito](https://github.com/NagRock/ts-mockito) - Mocking library for TypeScript.
- [class-validator](https://github.com/typestack/class-validator) - Validation made easy using TypeScript decorators.
- [List](https://github.com/funkia/list) - Immutable list with unmatched performance and a comprehensive functional API.
- [Photon](https://github.com/prisma/photonjs) - Type-safe database client for TypeScript & Node.js (ORM replacement).
- [ts-essentials](https://github.com/krzkaczor/ts-essentials) - All basic TypeScript types in one place.
- [ts-transformer-keys](https://github.com/kimamula/ts-transformer-keys) - TypeScript custom transformer which enables to obtain keys of given type.
- [ts-prune](https://github.com/nadeesha/ts-prune) - Find unused exports in a typescript project.
- [byots](https://github.com/basarat/byots) - Bring your own TypeScript with more internal definitions.
- [is](https://github.com/sindresorhus/is) - Type check values.
- [sql-ts](https://github.com/rmp135/sql-ts) - Generate TypeScript types from a SQL database.
- [Mostly ORMless](https://github.com/jawj/mostly-ormless) - Ergonomic Postgres from TypeScript.
- [Unionize](https://github.com/pelotom/unionize) - Boilerplate-free functional sum types in TypeScript.
- [zod](https://github.com/vriad/zod) - Typescript-first schema validation with static type inference.
- [utility-types](https://github.com/piotrwitek/utility-types) - Collection of utility types, complementing TypeScript built-in mapped types and aliases.
- [fetcher-ts](https://github.com/YBogomolov/fetcher-ts) - Type-safe wrapper around Fetch API.
- [gretchen](https://github.com/truework/gretchen) - Making fetch happen in TypeScript.
- [matechs-effect](https://github.com/mikearnaldi/matechs-effect) - Fully-fledged functional effect system for typescript with a rich standard library.

## Links

- [TypeScript library starter](https://github.com/alexjoverm/typescript-library-starter#readme) - Starter kit with zero-config for building a library in TypeScript, featuring RollupJS, Jest, Prettier, TSLint, Semantic Release, and more.
- [check-dts](https://github.com/ai/check-dts) - Unit tests for TypeScript definitions in your JS open source library.
- [LiTScript](https://github.com/johtela/litscript) - Documentation generation tool that draws inspiration from literate programming.
