music/music-production/music-production.md, before:

# Music production

## Tools

- [Klangmeister](http://ctford.github.io/klangmeister/about)
- [Ableton](ableton.md)
- [Helio Workstation](https://github.com/helio-fm/helio-workstation) - One music sequencer for all major platforms, both desktop and mobile.
- [Sonic Pi](https://github.com/samaaron/sonic-pi)
- [FlowKey](https://www.flowkey.com) - Learn Piano with songs you love.
- [Orca](https://github.com/hundredrabbits/Orca) - Live Programming Environment. Each letter of the alphabet is an operation. ([C rewrite](https://github.com/hundredrabbits/Orca-c))
- [Glitch](https://github.com/naivesound/glitch) - Minimal algorithmic music composer and synthesizer. ([Code](https://github.com/vincentriemer/io-808))
- [IO-808](https://io808.com/) - Attempt at a fully recreated web-based TR-808 drum machine. ([Code](https://github.com/vincentriemer/io-808))
- [Thrum](https://github.com/ryanramage/thrum) - Experiment in making a livecoding music sequencer using functional reducers.
- [BeepBox](https://beepbox.co/) - Online tool for sketching and sharing instrumental melodies. ([Code](https://github.com/johnnesky/beepbox))
- [BlokDust](https://blokdust.com/) - Web-based music making app. ([Code](https://github.com/BlokDust/BlokDust))
- [Eternal](https://eternal.robcheung.com/) - Create music using nodes. ([Code](https://github.com/kousun12/eternal))
- [norns](https://github.com/monome/norns) - Many sound instruments. It connects to grids, MIDI and other objects

## Inspiration

- [Nils Frahm at Funkhaus Berlin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kv2nmefHc9Y) - Amazing artist.
- [Knowledge Arena: In conversation with: Khruangbin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JasR8lqTS6Y)
- [Techno's Jon Hopkins Drops Science - Supersonic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzquxwYnDvk)
- [Nils Frahm at Sydney Opera House - In Conversation with Peter Hollo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQ97DoQarbk)
- [Ishome Interview w/English Subs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LX7RPfNhC64)
- [Big Thief Interview - Adrianne Lenker (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JimMROaBxQ)

## Links

- [Get started making music](https://learningmusic.ableton.com/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20965386))
- [The Bare Maximum | Steve Lacy | TED](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUnmrQfdYpg)
- [NSynth Super](https://nsynthsuper.withgoogle.com/)
- [Music concepts explained](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-NzMNM2cyt-RYr-8YmF0yFVDwhdklaiT)
- [Flat](https://flat.io) - Write music scores online.
- [Interactive Music Theory Lessons](https://www.lightnote.co/) - ([HN Comments](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12792063))
- [Synesthesia & creating your own score | Devonté Hynes | TED](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dc60ldmTrIg)
- [Stimming Interview: How I Play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuKYq_n4Ops)
- [Functional music theory library for JavaScript](https://github.com/danigb/tonal)
- [LFO](https://lfo1.sharetribe.com/) - Rent gear from musicians around the world, and make money from the instruments you have sitting around your studio.
- [Learning Synths](https://learningsynths.ableton.com/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20272346))
- [Syntorial](https://www.syntorial.com/) - Video game-like training software, that will teach you how to program synth patches by ear.
- [Ear Training Practice](https://tonedear.com/)
- [Ask HN: Recommendations for AI generated music software? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20514446)
- [Alda](https://github.com/alda-lang/alda) - Music programming language for musicians.
- [AudioKit](https://github.com/AudioKit/AudioKit) - Swift audio synthesis, processing, & analysis platform for iOS, macOS and tvOS.
- [LMMS](https://github.com/LMMS/lmms) - Cross-platform music production software.
- [Music Theory for Musicians and Normal People](https://tobyrush.com/theorypages/index.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21297462))
- [Faust](https://github.com/grame-cncm/faust) - Functional programming language for signal processing and sound synthesis.
- [How I recorded an album on my own, in my room](https://medium.com/@rodrigo.m.mesquita/what-i-learned-recording-an-alternative-album-on-my-own-in-my-room-c440b8201c9) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22591972))
- [Monome](https://monome.org/) - Sound machines for the exploration time and space. ([Code](https://github.com/monome/docs))
- [Low Level Norns](https://github.com/PaulBatchelor/norns-lowlevel) - Small snippets of C code that do relatively low-level things on the norns.
- [SuperCollider](https://github.com/supercollider/supercollider) - Platform for audio synthesis and algorithmic composition, used by musicians, artists, and researchers working with sound.
- [Using locks in real-time audio processing, safely (2020)](https://timur.audio/using-locks-in-real-time-audio-processing-safely)

Commit message:

api prisma games neural-networks music-production go-libraries js-libraries swift-libraries programming zsh-plugins

music/music-production/music-production.md, after:

# Music production

## Tools

- [Klangmeister](http://ctford.github.io/klangmeister/about)
- [Ableton](ableton.md)
- [Helio Workstation](https://github.com/helio-fm/helio-workstation) - One music sequencer for all major platforms, both desktop and mobile.
- [Sonic Pi](https://github.com/samaaron/sonic-pi)
- [FlowKey](https://www.flowkey.com) - Learn Piano with songs you love.
- [Orca](https://github.com/hundredrabbits/Orca) - Live Programming Environment. Each letter of the alphabet is an operation. ([C rewrite](https://github.com/hundredrabbits/Orca-c))
- [Glitch](https://github.com/naivesound/glitch) - Minimal algorithmic music composer and synthesizer. ([Code](https://github.com/vincentriemer/io-808))
- [IO-808](https://io808.com/) - Attempt at a fully recreated web-based TR-808 drum machine. ([Code](https://github.com/vincentriemer/io-808))
- [Thrum](https://github.com/ryanramage/thrum) - Experiment in making a livecoding music sequencer using functional reducers.
- [BeepBox](https://beepbox.co/) - Online tool for sketching and sharing instrumental melodies. ([Code](https://github.com/johnnesky/beepbox))
- [BlokDust](https://blokdust.com/) - Web-based music making app. ([Code](https://github.com/BlokDust/BlokDust))
- [Eternal](https://eternal.robcheung.com/) - Create music using nodes. ([Code](https://github.com/kousun12/eternal))
- [norns](https://github.com/monome/norns) - Many sound instruments. It connects to grids, MIDI and other objects
- [Tone Piano](https://github.com/tambien/Piano) - Web Audio instrument which uses high-quality multi-sampled piano sounds provided by Salamander Grand Piano.
- [Tone.js](https://github.com/Tonejs/Tone.js) - Web Audio framework for making interactive music in the browser.
- [tonal](https://github.com/tonaljs/tonal) - Functional music theory library for JavaScript.

## Inspiration

- [Nils Frahm at Funkhaus Berlin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kv2nmefHc9Y) - Amazing artist.
- [Knowledge Arena: In conversation with: Khruangbin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JasR8lqTS6Y)
- [Techno's Jon Hopkins Drops Science - Supersonic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzquxwYnDvk)
- [Nils Frahm at Sydney Opera House - In Conversation with Peter Hollo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQ97DoQarbk)
- [Ishome Interview w/English Subs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LX7RPfNhC64)
- [Big Thief Interview - Adrianne Lenker (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JimMROaBxQ)

## Links

- [Get started making music](https://learningmusic.ableton.com/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20965386))
- [The Bare Maximum | Steve Lacy | TED](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUnmrQfdYpg)
- [NSynth Super](https://nsynthsuper.withgoogle.com/)
- [Music concepts explained](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-NzMNM2cyt-RYr-8YmF0yFVDwhdklaiT)
- [Flat](https://flat.io) - Write music scores online.
- [Interactive Music Theory Lessons](https://www.lightnote.co/) - ([HN Comments](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12792063))
- [Synesthesia & creating your own score | Devonté Hynes | TED](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dc60ldmTrIg)
- [Stimming Interview: How I Play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuKYq_n4Ops)
- [Functional music theory library for JavaScript](https://github.com/danigb/tonal)
- [LFO](https://lfo1.sharetribe.com/) - Rent gear from musicians around the world, and make money from the instruments you have sitting around your studio.
- [Learning Synths](https://learningsynths.ableton.com/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20272346))
- [Syntorial](https://www.syntorial.com/) - Video game-like training software, that will teach you how to program synth patches by ear.
- [Ear Training Practice](https://tonedear.com/)
- [Ask HN: Recommendations for AI generated music software? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20514446)
- [Alda](https://github.com/alda-lang/alda) - Music programming language for musicians.
- [AudioKit](https://github.com/AudioKit/AudioKit) - Swift audio synthesis, processing, & analysis platform for iOS, macOS and tvOS.
- [LMMS](https://github.com/LMMS/lmms) - Cross-platform music production software.
- [Music Theory for Musicians and Normal People](https://tobyrush.com/theorypages/index.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21297462))
- [Faust](https://github.com/grame-cncm/faust) - Functional programming language for signal processing and sound synthesis.
- [How I recorded an album on my own, in my room](https://medium.com/@rodrigo.m.mesquita/what-i-learned-recording-an-alternative-album-on-my-own-in-my-room-c440b8201c9) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22591972))
- [Monome](https://monome.org/) - Sound machines for the exploration time and space. ([Code](https://github.com/monome/docs))
- [Low Level Norns](https://github.com/PaulBatchelor/norns-lowlevel) - Small snippets of C code that do relatively low-level things on the norns.
- [SuperCollider](https://github.com/supercollider/supercollider) - Platform for audio synthesis and algorithmic composition, used by musicians, artists, and researchers working with sound.
- [Using locks in real-time audio processing, safely (2020)](https://timur.audio/using-locks-in-real-time-audio-processing-safely)
