psychology/marketing.md, before:

# Marketing

## Links

- [Lucky Retweet](https://luckyretweet.now.sh/) - Just paste a tweet and choose a number of winners.
- [Content Marketing Stack](http://www.contentmarketingstack.co/) - Curated directory of content marketing resources.
- [5 Building Blocks for YOUR Customer Acquisition Machine (2019)](https://alexiskold.net/2019/11/26/5-building-blocks-for-your-customer-acquisition-machine/)
- [Curated collection of marketing articles & tools to grow your product](https://github.com/LisaDziuba/Marketing-for-Engineers#readme)
- [How to maximise traffic to a bootstrapped beta launch](https://sizle.io/how-to-maximise-traffic-to-a-bootstrapped-product-hunt-launch/)
- [1,000 True Fans? Try 100 (2020)](https://a16z.com/2020/02/06/100-true-fans/)
- [MakerMove](https://www.makermove.com/directories) - Directories to submit your startup.
- [Lensant](https://lensant.com/) - Alerts you when your business, project, or other interest is mentioned online.
- [Marketing Yourself (without Being a Celebrity)](https://www.swyx.io/writing/marketing-yourself/)
- [React landing page template](https://github.com/cruip/open-react-template) ([Web](https://cruip.com/))
- [Ask HN: How to get good at social media? (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22933182)
- [Sales and marketing strategy in the time of COVID-19](https://www.notion.so/Sales-and-marketing-strategy-in-the-time-of-COVID-19-4e4589fd287c438eb863ecf66aff51e2)
- [Yonder Narrative](https://www.yonder-ai.com/product/) - Detect early signs of coordinated conversations and the online groups responsible for them — before they go viral and impact your brand.
- [Notes on growth (2020)](https://twitter.com/ibringtraffic/status/1258817333096673281)
- [How the biggest consumer apps got their first 1,000 users (2020)](https://www.lennyrachitsky.com/p/how-the-biggest-consumer-apps-got)

## Images

![](https://i.imgur.com/ZVPjkzh.png)

> Aspirational marketing

Commit message:

data-science games firmware music python rust-libraries marketing text-editors web

psychology/marketing.md, after:

# Marketing

## Links

- [Lucky Retweet](https://luckyretweet.now.sh/) - Just paste a tweet and choose a number of winners.
- [Content Marketing Stack](http://www.contentmarketingstack.co/) - Curated directory of content marketing resources.
- [5 Building Blocks for YOUR Customer Acquisition Machine (2019)](https://alexiskold.net/2019/11/26/5-building-blocks-for-your-customer-acquisition-machine/)
- [Curated collection of marketing articles & tools to grow your product](https://github.com/LisaDziuba/Marketing-for-Engineers#readme)
- [How to maximise traffic to a bootstrapped beta launch](https://sizle.io/how-to-maximise-traffic-to-a-bootstrapped-product-hunt-launch/)
- [1,000 True Fans? Try 100 (2020)](https://a16z.com/2020/02/06/100-true-fans/)
- [MakerMove](https://www.makermove.com/directories) - Directories to submit your startup.
- [Lensant](https://lensant.com/) - Alerts you when your business, project, or other interest is mentioned online.
- [Marketing Yourself (without Being a Celebrity)](https://www.swyx.io/writing/marketing-yourself/)
- [React landing page template](https://github.com/cruip/open-react-template) ([Web](https://cruip.com/))
- [Ask HN: How to get good at social media? (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22933182)
- [Sales and marketing strategy in the time of COVID-19](https://www.notion.so/Sales-and-marketing-strategy-in-the-time-of-COVID-19-4e4589fd287c438eb863ecf66aff51e2)
- [Yonder Narrative](https://www.yonder-ai.com/product/) - Detect early signs of coordinated conversations and the online groups responsible for them — before they go viral and impact your brand.
- [Notes on growth (2020)](https://twitter.com/ibringtraffic/status/1258817333096673281)
- [How the biggest consumer apps got their first 1,000 users (2020)](https://www.lennyrachitsky.com/p/how-the-biggest-consumer-apps-got)
- [Brightloom](https://www.brightloom.com/) - Harness data science to increase the value of your current customers and owned channels.

## Images

![](https://i.imgur.com/ZVPjkzh.png)

> Aspirational marketing
