computer-science/computer-science.md, before:

# Computer Science

## Notes

- Turing machines however are not the only theoretical model that can be used to define computation.

## Links

- [The Church-Turing Thesis: Story and Recent Progress](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlYJz1B5XLU)
- [Self-Learning, Modern Computer Science Curriculum](https://functionalcs.github.io/curriculum/#org71f231a)
- [Learn CS in 5 months](https://github.com/llSourcell/Learn_Computer_Science_in_5_Months#readme)
- [Making a computer Turing complete](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqNDk_UJW4k)
- [What Is Abstraction in Computer Science](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_y-5nZAbgt4)
- [Open Source Computer Science Degree](https://github.com/ForrestKnight/open-source-cs#readme)
- [Most influential books for programmers](https://github.com/cs-books/influential-cs-books#readme)
- [Ask HN: What book to read to get a footing in CS theory? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20729252)
- [Path to a free self-taught education in Computer Science](https://github.com/ossu/computer-science#readme)
- [Teach Yourself Computer Science](https://teachyourselfcs.com/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22286340))
- [Programming and Computer Science Courses](https://www.dabeaz.com/courses.html)
- [Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs](https://opendocs.github.io/sicp/sicp.pdf) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21299546))
- [Ask HN: What are the most fundamental books on computer science? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21311302)
- [Code by Charles Petzold (1999)](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44882.Code)
- [CS/ML notes](https://tlienart.github.io/pub/csml.html)
- [Computer Science Roadmap (AI Track)](https://github.com/yngz/cs-roadmap#readme)
- [Computer Science for The Busy Developer](https://learn.codexpanse.com/courses/computer-science-for-the-busy-developer) - High speed overview of fundamental areas and concepts of computer science.
- [CSRankings: Computer Science Rankings](http://csrankings.org/#/index?all)
- [Computer Science Resources](https://github.com/the-akira/Computer-Science-Resources#readme)
- [Our Thoughts on P=NP (2020)](https://rjlipton.wordpress.com/2020/01/12/our-thoughts-on-pnp/)
- [List of Cornell Computer Science Course Offerings](https://www.cs.cornell.edu/courseinfo/listofcscourses)
- [A Short Note on The Y Combinator (2018)](https://invenia.github.io/blog/2018/08/20/ycombinator/)
- [BaseCS](https://medium.com/basecs) - Exploring the basics of computer science, every Monday, for a year.
- [Falsehoods CS Students (Still) Believe Upon Graduating (2019)](https://www.netmeister.org/blog/cs-falsehoods.html)
- [Simple, quick cheat sheets on CS concepts](https://github.com/aspittel/coding-cheat-sheets#readme)
- [Missing Semester of Your CS Education](https://missing.csail.mit.edu/) ([Code](https://github.com/missing-semester/missing-semester))
- [How These Things Work - A book about CS from first principles (2016)](https://reasonablypolymorphic.com/book/preface) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22346349))
- [Philosophy of Computer Science](https://cse.buffalo.edu/~rapaport/Papers/phics.pdf)
- [Computer Science from the Bottom Up](https://www.bottomupcs.com/)
- [Foundational knowledge for programmers](https://github.com/err0r500/foundational-knowledge-for-programmers#readme)
- [Computer Science Ontology (CSO)](http://cso.kmi.open.ac.uk/home) - Large-scale ontology of research areas that was automatically generated using the Klink-2 algorithm.
- [Surprisingly Turing-Complete (2012)](https://www.gwern.net/Turing-complete)

Commit message:

SUMMARY computer-science cassandra databases distributed-systems physics quantum-gravity cpp go search-engines

computer-science/computer-science.md, after:

# Computer Science

## Notes

- Turing machines however are not the only theoretical model that can be used to define computation.

## Links

- [The Church-Turing Thesis: Story and Recent Progress](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlYJz1B5XLU)
- [Self-Learning, Modern Computer Science Curriculum](https://functionalcs.github.io/curriculum/#org71f231a)
- [Learn CS in 5 months](https://github.com/llSourcell/Learn_Computer_Science_in_5_Months#readme)
- [Making a computer Turing complete](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqNDk_UJW4k)
- [What Is Abstraction in Computer Science](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_y-5nZAbgt4)
- [Open Source Computer Science Degree](https://github.com/ForrestKnight/open-source-cs#readme)
- [Most influential books for programmers](https://github.com/cs-books/influential-cs-books#readme)
- [Ask HN: What book to read to get a footing in CS theory? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20729252)
- [Path to a free self-taught education in Computer Science](https://github.com/ossu/computer-science#readme)
- [Teach Yourself Computer Science](https://teachyourselfcs.com/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22286340))
- [Programming and Computer Science Courses](https://www.dabeaz.com/courses.html)
- [Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs](https://opendocs.github.io/sicp/sicp.pdf) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21299546))
- [Ask HN: What are the most fundamental books on computer science? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21311302)
- [Code by Charles Petzold (1999)](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44882.Code)
- [CS/ML notes](https://tlienart.github.io/pub/csml.html)
- [Computer Science Roadmap (AI Track)](https://github.com/yngz/cs-roadmap#readme)
- [Computer Science for The Busy Developer](https://learn.codexpanse.com/courses/computer-science-for-the-busy-developer) - High speed overview of fundamental areas and concepts of computer science.
- [CSRankings: Computer Science Rankings](http://csrankings.org/#/index?all)
- [Computer Science Resources](https://github.com/the-akira/Computer-Science-Resources#readme)
- [Our Thoughts on P=NP (2020)](https://rjlipton.wordpress.com/2020/01/12/our-thoughts-on-pnp/)
- [List of Cornell Computer Science Course Offerings](https://www.cs.cornell.edu/courseinfo/listofcscourses)
- [A Short Note on The Y Combinator (2018)](https://invenia.github.io/blog/2018/08/20/ycombinator/)
- [BaseCS](https://medium.com/basecs) - Exploring the basics of computer science, every Monday, for a year.
- [Falsehoods CS Students (Still) Believe Upon Graduating (2019)](https://www.netmeister.org/blog/cs-falsehoods.html)
- [Simple, quick cheat sheets on CS concepts](https://github.com/aspittel/coding-cheat-sheets#readme)
- [Missing Semester of Your CS Education](https://missing.csail.mit.edu/) ([Code](https://github.com/missing-semester/missing-semester))
- [How These Things Work - A book about CS from first principles (2016)](https://reasonablypolymorphic.com/book/preface) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22346349))
- [Philosophy of Computer Science](https://cse.buffalo.edu/~rapaport/Papers/phics.pdf)
- [Computer Science from the Bottom Up](https://www.bottomupcs.com/)
- [Foundational knowledge for programmers](https://github.com/err0r500/foundational-knowledge-for-programmers#readme)
- [Computer Science Ontology (CSO)](http://cso.kmi.open.ac.uk/home) - Large-scale ontology of research areas that was automatically generated using the Klink-2 algorithm.
- [Surprisingly Turing-Complete (2012)](https://www.gwern.net/Turing-complete) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22839035))
- [Harnessing vision for computation (2008)](https://www.gwern.net/docs/www/www.changizi.com/82e766ee9a407241bcbcfd5b9e2c69d1083ecba1.pdf)
- [The Morning Paper](https://blog.acolyer.org/) - Short summary every weekday of an important, influential, topical or otherwise interesting paper in the field of computer science.
