design/figma/figma.md, before:

# [Figma](https://www.figma.com)

## Notes

- [When resizing frames, hold Command ⌘ to ignore constraint settings for all objects inside that frame](https://twitter.com/rogie/status/1239560547659468800)

## Links

- [Figma.js](https://github.com/jongold/figma-js) - Simple wrapper for the Figma API.
- [Multiplayer Live — Prototyping 101 (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZw_KNWp_qk)
- [Figma to Google Slides](https://github.com/alyssaxuu/figma-to-google-slides) - Convert Figma frames into a Google Slides presentation.
- [figma-graphql](https://github.com/braposo/figma-graphql) - Reimagined Figma API (super)powered by GraphQL.
- [Maze Figma](https://maze.design/) - User testing platform that turns your prototype into actionable insights from real users.
- [Config 2020 - Keynote](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xL_ruBAwVmo)
- [Reflections on Config, our first user conference (2020)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLXDU_eVOJTx4UHprj9iYPBu4agz8HiB66)
- [Awesome Figma Tips](https://awesomefigmatips.com/)
- [Figma profile](https://www.figma.com/@figma)
- [Figma Design Principles](https://www.figma.com/community/file/817913152610525667)
- [Figmalion](https://figmalion.com/) - Curated newsletter collecting interesting links about Figma.
- [Cabana](https://cabanaforfigma.com/) - Design Starter Kit for Figma.
- [Organizing and creating libraries](https://www.figma.com/best-practices/components-styles-and-shared-libraries/organizing-and-creating-libraries/)
- [How Spotify organises work in Figma to improve collaboration (2020)](https://spotify.design/articles/2020-04-20/how-spotify-works-in-figma/)
- [Figma Slack updates](https://github.com/jordansinger/figma-slack-updates) - Post updates to Slack from a Figma file's version history.
- [Inside Figma: the product design team’s process (2020)](https://www.figma.com/blog/inside-figma-the-product-design-teams-process/)

Commit message:

automata-theory figma programming-languages notion

design/figma/figma.md, after:

# [Figma](https://www.figma.com)

## Notes

- [When resizing frames, hold Command ⌘ to ignore constraint settings for all objects inside that frame](https://twitter.com/rogie/status/1239560547659468800)
- [Can open Figma URLs in desktop app via menu bar (File > Open File URL From Clipboard)](https://twitter.com/gavinmcfarland/status/1260132994679013377). Or [set the preference via the browser app to always open Figma links in the desktop app](https://twitter.com/rollmottle/status/1260212414592634880).

## Links

- [Figma.js](https://github.com/jongold/figma-js) - Simple wrapper for the Figma API.
- [Multiplayer Live — Prototyping 101 (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZw_KNWp_qk)
- [Figma to Google Slides](https://github.com/alyssaxuu/figma-to-google-slides) - Convert Figma frames into a Google Slides presentation.
- [figma-graphql](https://github.com/braposo/figma-graphql) - Reimagined Figma API (super)powered by GraphQL.
- [Maze Figma](https://maze.design/) - User testing platform that turns your prototype into actionable insights from real users.
- [Config 2020 - Keynote](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xL_ruBAwVmo)
- [Reflections on Config, our first user conference (2020)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLXDU_eVOJTx4UHprj9iYPBu4agz8HiB66)
- [Awesome Figma Tips](https://awesomefigmatips.com/)
- [Figma profile](https://www.figma.com/@figma)
- [Figma Design Principles](https://www.figma.com/community/file/817913152610525667)
- [Figmalion](https://figmalion.com/) - Curated newsletter collecting interesting links about Figma.
- [Cabana](https://cabanaforfigma.com/) - Design Starter Kit for Figma.
- [Organizing and creating libraries](https://www.figma.com/best-practices/components-styles-and-shared-libraries/organizing-and-creating-libraries/)
- [How Spotify organises work in Figma to improve collaboration (2020)](https://spotify.design/articles/2020-04-20/how-spotify-works-in-figma/)
- [Figma Slack updates](https://github.com/jordansinger/figma-slack-updates) - Post updates to Slack from a Figma file's version history.
- [Inside Figma: the product design team’s process (2020)](https://www.figma.com/blog/inside-figma-the-product-design-teams-process/)
