programming-languages/javascript/js-libraries/react/react-hooks.md, before:

# [React Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html)

## State

- [Store](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/store) - Beautifully-simple framework-agnostic modern state management library.
- [React Tracked](https://github.com/dai-shi/react-tracked) - Simple and fast global state with React Context. Eliminate unnecessary re-renders without hassle.

## Other

- [Rooks](https://github.com/imbhargav5/rooks) - Collection of regularly used custom hooks as utils for React.
- [Constate](https://github.com/diegohaz/constate) - Scalable state manager using React Hooks & Context.
- [Collection of essential React Hooks](https://github.com/streamich/react-use)
- [useHooks](https://usehooks.com/) - Easy to understand React Hook recipes by Gabe Ragland. ([Code](https://github.com/gragland/usehooks))
- [Use Hotkeys](https://github.com/sandiiarov/use-hotkeys) - React wrapper around Hotkeys.js.
- [Use Events](https://github.com/sandiiarov/use-events) - Events turned into React Hooks.
- [useQueryParams](https://github.com/pbeshai/use-query-params) - React Hook for managing state in URL query parameters with easy serialization.
- [react-apollo-hooks](https://github.com/trojanowski/react-apollo-hooks) - Use Apollo Client as React hooks.
- [wouter](https://github.com/molefrog/wouter) - Minimalistic ~1KB routing for React. Nothing else but HOOKS.
- [useFetch](https://github.com/alex-cory/use-http) - React hook for making isomorphic http requests.
- [Unform](https://github.com/Rocketseat/unform) - ReactJS form library to create uncontrolled form structures with nested fields, validations and much more.
- [use-inline-memo](https://github.com/andywer/use-inline-memo) - React hook for memoizing values inline anywhere in a component.
- [React Navigation Hooks](https://github.com/react-navigation/hooks) - React hooks for convenient react-navigation use.
- [react-hotkeys-hook](https://github.com/JohannesKlauss/react-hotkeys-hook) - React hook for using keyboard shortcuts in components.
- [Hooks.Guide](https://github.com/Raathigesh/hooks.guide) - Collection of React hooks curated by the community.
- [SWR](https://github.com/zeit/swr) - React Hooks library for remote data fetching.
- [react-zen](https://github.com/jamesknelson/react-zen) - React utilities for working with APIs.
- [react-query](https://github.com/tannerlinsley/react-query) - Hooks for fetching, caching and updating asynchronous data in React.
- [react-hooks-fetch](https://github.com/dai-shi/react-hooks-fetch) - React custom hook for data fetching with Suspense. ([Article](https://blog.axlight.com/posts/developing-a-react-library-for-suspense-for-data-fetching-in-concurrent-mode/))
- [react-suspense-fetch](https://github.com/dai-shi/react-suspense-fetch) - React Suspense Render-as-You-Fetch pattern for REST APIs.
- [useDebounce](https://github.com/xnimorz/use-debounce) - Debounce hook for react.
- [use-methods](https://github.com/pelotom/use-methods) - Simpler way to useReducers.
- [@umijs/hooks](https://github.com/umijs/hooks) - React Hooks Library.
- [Collection of beautiful (and hopefully useful) React hooks to speed-up your components and hooks development](https://github.com/antonioru/beautiful-react-hooks)
- [Collection of React Hooks](https://nikgraf.github.io/react-hooks/) ([Code](https://github.com/nikgraf/react-hooks))
- [use-what-changed](https://github.com/simbathesailor/use-what-changed) - Simple hook to debug major Reactjs hooks and custom hooks.
- [use-immer](https://github.com/immerjs/use-immer) - Use immer to drive state with a React hooks.
- [relay-hooks](https://github.com/relay-tools/relay-hooks) - Use Relay as React hooks.
- [usePlacesAutocomplete](https://github.com/wellyshen/use-places-autocomplete) - React hook for Google Maps Places Autocomplete.
- [react-use-mutable](https://github.com/Marik-D/react-use-mutable) - Tiny hook that keeps your react state up-to-date in callbacks.
- [use-cannon](https://github.com/react-spring/use-cannon) - Physics based hooks for react-three-fiber.
- [react-hooks-global-state](https://github.com/dai-shi/react-hooks-global-state) - Simple global state for React with Hooks API.
- [use-local-storage](https://github.com/astoilkov/use-local-storage-state) - Like useState() but for local storage.
- [useWorker](https://github.com/alewin/useWorker) - Running heavy task in background, without blocking the UI.
- [use-persisted-state](https://github.com/donavon/use-persisted-state) - Custom React Hook that provides a multi-instance, multi-tab/browser shared and persistent state.
- [useSound](https://github.com/joshwcomeau/use-sound) - React Hook for Sound Effects. ([Article](https://joshwcomeau.com/react/announcing-use-sound-react-hook/))

## Notes

- [You can pass _anything_ into context, including "subscribable" objects (like RxJS observables, etc.). This means that you can share & subscribe to streams of values that change frequently, without causing unnecessary rerenders.](https://twitter.com/DavidKPiano/status/1228700861024604160)

## Links

- [Awesome React Hooks Resources](https://github.com/rehooks/awesome-react-hooks#readme)
- [RFC: React Hooks](https://github.com/reactjs/rfcs/pull/68#issuecomment-439314884) - Great discussion on React Hooks proposal.
- [Flowchart that explains the new lifecycle of a Hooks component](https://github.com/donavon/hook-flow#readme)
- [React Loops](https://github.com/leebyron/react-loops) - Work alongside React Hooks as part of the novel React Velcro architecture for building sticky, secure user interfaces that don't come apart under pressure.
- [Fun with React Hooks - Michael Jackson and Ryan Florence (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jWS7cCuUXw)
- [Awesome React Hooks](https://github.com/glauberfc/awesome-react-hooks#readme)
- [Handling Large-Scale State-Management with Context and Hooks by Roy Derks (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxjDRjpoMJg)
- [How to implement useState with useReducer (2019)](https://kentcdodds.com/blog/how-to-implement-usestate-with-usereducer)
- [React's useEffect and useRef Explained for Mortals (2019)](https://leewarrick.com/blog/react-use-effect-explained/)
- [Thinking in React Hooks (2019)](https://wattenberger.com/blog/react-hooks) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21772038))
- [Advanced React Hooks workshop](https://github.com/kentcdodds/advanced-react-hooks)
- [react-wonka](https://github.com/kitten/react-wonka) - Several hooks to effectively use Wonka streams with React.
- [Portals with Context](https://reacttraining.com/blog/portals-with-context/)
- [Here Are 6 Awesome React Hooks (2019)](https://medium.com/@indreklasn/here-are-6-awesome-react-hooks-2ff0c0b35218)
- [React Hooks: Compound Components](https://kentcdodds.com/blog/compound-components-with-react-hooks)
- [Evan You - State of Components (2019)](https://www.dotconferences.com/2019/12/evan-you-state-of-components)
- [A journey through the implementation of the useState hook](https://www.newline.co/@CarlMungazi/a-journey-through-the-usestate-hook--a4983397)
- [Why I almost always`useMemo` and `useCallback` (2020)](https://dev.to/andyrichardsonn/why-i-almost-always-usememo-and-usecallback-4776)
- [The three core React hook features (2019)](https://bypaulshen.com/posts/react-hooks-core-api)
- [Hooks’ Macro](https://github.com/yuchi/hooks.macro) - Babel Macros for React Hooks automatic memoization invalidation.

Commit message:

values css-in-js js-libraries react-hooks rust firebase tools

programming-languages/javascript/js-libraries/react/react-hooks.md, after:

# [React Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html)

## State

- [Store](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/store) - Beautifully-simple framework-agnostic modern state management library.
- [React Tracked](https://github.com/dai-shi/react-tracked) - Simple and fast global state with React Context. Eliminate unnecessary re-renders without hassle.

## Other

- [Rooks](https://github.com/imbhargav5/rooks) - Collection of regularly used custom hooks as utils for React.
- [Constate](https://github.com/diegohaz/constate) - Scalable state manager using React Hooks & Context.
- [Collection of essential React Hooks](https://github.com/streamich/react-use)
- [useHooks](https://usehooks.com/) - Easy to understand React Hook recipes by Gabe Ragland. ([Code](https://github.com/gragland/usehooks))
- [Use Hotkeys](https://github.com/sandiiarov/use-hotkeys) - React wrapper around Hotkeys.js.
- [Use Events](https://github.com/sandiiarov/use-events) - Events turned into React Hooks.
- [useQueryParams](https://github.com/pbeshai/use-query-params) - React Hook for managing state in URL query parameters with easy serialization.
- [react-apollo-hooks](https://github.com/trojanowski/react-apollo-hooks) - Use Apollo Client as React hooks.
- [wouter](https://github.com/molefrog/wouter) - Minimalistic ~1KB routing for React. Nothing else but HOOKS.
- [useFetch](https://github.com/alex-cory/use-http) - React hook for making isomorphic http requests.
- [Unform](https://github.com/Rocketseat/unform) - ReactJS form library to create uncontrolled form structures with nested fields, validations and much more.
- [use-inline-memo](https://github.com/andywer/use-inline-memo) - React hook for memoizing values inline anywhere in a component.
- [React Navigation Hooks](https://github.com/react-navigation/hooks) - React hooks for convenient react-navigation use.
- [react-hotkeys-hook](https://github.com/JohannesKlauss/react-hotkeys-hook) - React hook for using keyboard shortcuts in components.
- [Hooks.Guide](https://github.com/Raathigesh/hooks.guide) - Collection of React hooks curated by the community.
- [SWR](https://github.com/zeit/swr) - React Hooks library for remote data fetching.
- [react-zen](https://github.com/jamesknelson/react-zen) - React utilities for working with APIs.
- [react-query](https://github.com/tannerlinsley/react-query) - Hooks for fetching, caching and updating asynchronous data in React.
- [react-hooks-fetch](https://github.com/dai-shi/react-hooks-fetch) - React custom hook for data fetching with Suspense. ([Article](https://blog.axlight.com/posts/developing-a-react-library-for-suspense-for-data-fetching-in-concurrent-mode/))
- [react-suspense-fetch](https://github.com/dai-shi/react-suspense-fetch) - React Suspense Render-as-You-Fetch pattern for REST APIs.
- [useDebounce](https://github.com/xnimorz/use-debounce) - Debounce hook for react.
- [use-methods](https://github.com/pelotom/use-methods) - Simpler way to useReducers.
- [@umijs/hooks](https://github.com/umijs/hooks) - React Hooks Library.
- [Collection of beautiful (and hopefully useful) React hooks to speed-up your components and hooks development](https://github.com/antonioru/beautiful-react-hooks)
- [Collection of React Hooks](https://nikgraf.github.io/react-hooks/) ([Code](https://github.com/nikgraf/react-hooks))
- [use-what-changed](https://github.com/simbathesailor/use-what-changed) - Simple hook to debug major Reactjs hooks and custom hooks.
- [use-immer](https://github.com/immerjs/use-immer) - Use immer to drive state with a React hooks.
- [relay-hooks](https://github.com/relay-tools/relay-hooks) - Use Relay as React hooks.
- [usePlacesAutocomplete](https://github.com/wellyshen/use-places-autocomplete) - React hook for Google Maps Places Autocomplete.
- [react-use-mutable](https://github.com/Marik-D/react-use-mutable) - Tiny hook that keeps your react state up-to-date in callbacks.
- [use-cannon](https://github.com/react-spring/use-cannon) - Physics based hooks for react-three-fiber.
- [react-hooks-global-state](https://github.com/dai-shi/react-hooks-global-state) - Simple global state for React with Hooks API.
- [use-local-storage](https://github.com/astoilkov/use-local-storage-state) - Like useState() but for local storage.
- [useWorker](https://github.com/alewin/useWorker) - Running heavy task in background, without blocking the UI.
- [use-persisted-state](https://github.com/donavon/use-persisted-state) - Custom React Hook that provides a multi-instance, multi-tab/browser shared and persistent state.
- [useSound](https://github.com/joshwcomeau/use-sound) - React Hook for Sound Effects. ([Article](https://joshwcomeau.com/react/announcing-use-sound-react-hook/))
- [react-head](https://github.com/JoviDeCroock/react-head) - Hooks to populate the html head.

## Notes

- [You can pass _anything_ into context, including "subscribable" objects (like RxJS observables, etc.). This means that you can share & subscribe to streams of values that change frequently, without causing unnecessary rerenders.](https://twitter.com/DavidKPiano/status/1228700861024604160)

## Links

- [Awesome React Hooks Resources](https://github.com/rehooks/awesome-react-hooks#readme)
- [RFC: React Hooks](https://github.com/reactjs/rfcs/pull/68#issuecomment-439314884) - Great discussion on React Hooks proposal.
- [Flowchart that explains the new lifecycle of a Hooks component](https://github.com/donavon/hook-flow#readme)
- [React Loops](https://github.com/leebyron/react-loops) - Work alongside React Hooks as part of the novel React Velcro architecture for building sticky, secure user interfaces that don't come apart under pressure.
- [Fun with React Hooks - Michael Jackson and Ryan Florence (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jWS7cCuUXw)
- [Awesome React Hooks](https://github.com/glauberfc/awesome-react-hooks#readme)
- [Handling Large-Scale State-Management with Context and Hooks by Roy Derks (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxjDRjpoMJg)
- [How to implement useState with useReducer (2019)](https://kentcdodds.com/blog/how-to-implement-usestate-with-usereducer)
- [React's useEffect and useRef Explained for Mortals (2019)](https://leewarrick.com/blog/react-use-effect-explained/)
- [Thinking in React Hooks (2019)](https://wattenberger.com/blog/react-hooks) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21772038))
- [Advanced React Hooks workshop](https://github.com/kentcdodds/advanced-react-hooks)
- [react-wonka](https://github.com/kitten/react-wonka) - Several hooks to effectively use Wonka streams with React.
- [Portals with Context](https://reacttraining.com/blog/portals-with-context/)
- [Here Are 6 Awesome React Hooks (2019)](https://medium.com/@indreklasn/here-are-6-awesome-react-hooks-2ff0c0b35218)
- [React Hooks: Compound Components](https://kentcdodds.com/blog/compound-components-with-react-hooks)
- [Evan You - State of Components (2019)](https://www.dotconferences.com/2019/12/evan-you-state-of-components)
- [A journey through the implementation of the useState hook](https://www.newline.co/@CarlMungazi/a-journey-through-the-usestate-hook--a4983397)
- [Why I almost always`useMemo` and `useCallback` (2020)](https://dev.to/andyrichardsonn/why-i-almost-always-usememo-and-usecallback-4776)
- [The three core React hook features (2019)](https://bypaulshen.com/posts/react-hooks-core-api)
- [Hooks’ Macro](https://github.com/yuchi/hooks.macro) - Babel Macros for React Hooks automatic memoization invalidation.
