programming-languages/javascript/js-libraries/react/react-components.md, before:

# React components

## Other

- [Belle](https://github.com/nikgraf/belle/) - Configurable React Components with great UX.
- [React Table](https://github.com/tannerlinsley/react-table) - Hooks for building fast and extendable tables and datagrids for React. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21630459))
- [Blueprint](https://github.com/palantir/blueprint) - React-based UI toolkit for the web.
- [Ant Design](http://ant.design/docs/react/introduce) - UI Design Language.
- [kit](https://github.com/c8r/kit) - Tools for developing, documenting, and testing React component libraries.
- [React Spring](https://github.com/drcmda/react-spring) - Set of simple, spring-physics based primitives (as in building blocks) that should cover most of your UI related animation needs.
- [SVGR](https://github.com/smooth-code/svgr) - Transform SVGs into React components.
- [Shopify](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react) - Shopify’s product component library.
- [react-jsonschema-form](https://github.com/mozilla-services/react-jsonschema-form) - React component for building Web forms from JSON Schema.
- [react-dropzone](https://github.com/react-dropzone/react-dropzone) - Simple HTML5 drag-drop zone with React.js
- [React Kawaii](https://github.com/miukimiu/react-kawaii) - Cute React UI Components.
- [React Select](https://github.com/react-component/select)
- [Primer Components](https://github.com/primer/components) - Primer React components.
- [react-movable](https://github.com/tajo/react-movable) - Drag and drop for your React lists and tables. Accessible. Tiny.
- [Semantic UI React](https://github.com/Semantic-Org/Semantic-UI-React) - Official Semantic-UI-React integration.
- [React Sidebar](https://github.com/balloob/react-sidebar) - Sidebar component for React.
- [The Platform](https://github.com/palmerhq/the-platform) - Web API's turned into React Hooks and Suspense-friendly React components.
- [Reakit](https://github.com/reakit/reakit) - Toolkit for building really interactive UIs with React.
- [libreact](https://github.com/streamich/libreact) - Collection of useful React components.
- [React Circular Progressbar](https://github.com/iqnivek/react-circular-progressbar) - Circular progress indicator.
- [React Window](https://github.com/bvaughn/react-window) - React components for efficiently rendering large lists and tabular data.
- [React Flip Toolkit](https://github.com/aholachek/react-flip-toolkit) - Utility library for highly configurable layout transitions.
- [React Calendar](https://github.com/react-component/calendar)
- [Recharts](https://github.com/recharts/recharts) - Redefined chart library built with React and D3.
- [Found](https://github.com/4Catalyzer/found) - Extensible route-based routing for React applications.
- [Reuse](https://github.com/diegohaz/reuse) - Reuse different React components to create new ones.
- [React Geosuggest](https://github.com/ubilabs/react-geosuggest) - React autosuggest for the Google Maps Places API.
- [loadable-components](https://github.com/smooth-code/loadable-components) - React code splitting made easy. Reduce your bundle size without stress.
- [react-tiny-virtual-list](https://github.com/clauderic/react-tiny-virtual-list) - Tiny but mighty list virtualization library, with zero dependencies.
- [React Morph](https://github.com/brunnolou/react-morph) - Morphing UI transitions made simple.
- [React InstantSearch](https://github.com/algolia/react-instantsearch) - Lightning-fast search for React and React Native applications, by Algolia.
- [React Virtuoso](https://github.com/petyosi/react-virtuoso) - Simple, easy to use React component made to render huge data lists.
- [Tipple](https://github.com/andyrichardson/tipple) - Lightweight dependency-free library for fetching data over REST with React.
- [react-component-benchmark](https://github.com/paularmstrong/react-component-benchmark) - Component to help benchmark React components and their trees.
- [react-async-component](https://github.com/ctrlplusb/react-async-component) - Resolve components asynchronously, with support for code splitting and advanced server side rendering use cases.
- [react-teleporter](https://github.com/smooth-code/react-teleporter) - Teleport React components in the same React tree.
- [re-resizable](https://github.com/bokuweb/re-resizable) - Resizable component for React.
- [react-tiniest-router](https://github.com/kitze/react-tiniest-router) - Tiniest router for React, built with hooks.
- [react-content-loader](https://github.com/danilowoz/react-content-loader) - SVG-Powered component to easily create placeholder loadings (like Facebook cards loading).
- [react-hook-form](https://github.com/bluebill1049/react-hook-form) - React custom hook for form validation without the hassle.
- [rest-hooks](https://github.com/coinbase/rest-hooks) - Delightful data fetching for React.
- [Motion](https://github.com/framer/motion) - Open source, production-ready animation and gesture library for React.
- [react-highlight-words](https://github.com/bvaughn/react-highlight-words) - React component to highlight words within a larger body of text.
- [Hooked-Form](https://github.com/JoviDeCroock/hooked-form) - Form library implemented with Hooks.
- [stated-bean](https://github.com/mjolnirjs/stated-bean) - Light but scalable state management library with react hooks, inspired by unstated-next.
- [react-diagrams](https://github.com/projectstorm/react-diagrams) - Super simple, no-nonsense diagramming library written in react that just works.
- [Why Did You Render](https://github.com/welldone-software/why-did-you-render) - Monkey patches React to notify you about avoidable re-renders.
- [react-day-picker](https://github.com/gpbl/react-day-picker) - Flexible date picker for React.
- [react-a11y-dialog](https://github.com/HugoGiraudel/react-a11y-dialog) - React component for a11y-dialog relying on React portals to ease the use of accessible dialog windows in React applications.
- [prism-react-renderer](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/prism-react-renderer) - Renders highlighted Prism output to React (+ theming & vendored Prism).
- [Naph](https://github.com/williamluke4/Naph) - React Component for rendering Node Graphs.
- [React Spinners](https://github.com/davidhu2000/react-spinners) - Collection of loading spinner components for react.
- [react-teleporter](https://github.com/gregberge/react-teleporter) - Teleport React components in the same React tree.
- [Stack Styled](https://github.com/sapegin/stack-styled) - Stacking layouts for React.
- [Rethinking Navigation](https://github.com/react-navigation/navigation-ex) - Exploration of a component-first API for React Navigation for building more dynamic navigation solutions.
- [craft.js](https://github.com/prevwong/craft.js) - React Framework for building extensible drag and drop page editors.
- [React Iframe](https://github.com/svenanders/react-iframe) - Simple solution for using iframes in React.
- [clack-react](https://github.com/reasonink/clack-react) - Provides two React components that enable keyboard shortcuts in React.
- [React Wizard Primitive](https://github.com/Jibbedi/react-wizard-primitive) - React wizard primitive - built with hooks.
- [console-feed](https://github.com/samdenty/console-feed) - Captures console.log's into a React Component.
- [react-json-view](https://github.com/mac-s-g/react-json-view) - React component for displaying and editing javascript arrays and JSON objects.
- [react-suspense-router](https://github.com/dai-shi/react-suspense-router) - React Router for React Suspense and Render-as-You-Fetch.
- [react-range](https://github.com/tajo/react-range) - Range input with a slider. Accessible. Bring your own styles and markup.
- [react-markdown](https://github.com/rexxars/react-markdown) - Renders Markdown as pure React components.
- [React Stripe.js](https://github.com/stripe/react-stripe-js) - React components for Stripe.js and Stripe Elements.
- [React Split Pane](https://github.com/tomkp/react-split-pane) - React split-pane component.
- [react-soft-slider](https://github.com/dbismut/react-soft-slider) - Simple, fast and impartial slider.
- [restful-react](https://github.com/contiamo/restful-react) - Consistent, declarative way of interacting with RESTful backends, featuring code-generation from Swagger and OpenAPI specs.
- [Iconify](https://github.com/iconify/iconify-react) - Modern open source SVG alternative to glyph fonts.
- [Formsy](https://github.com/formsy/formsy-react) - Form input builder and validator for React.
- [React Frontload](https://github.com/davnicwil/react-frontload) - Async data loading for React components, on client & server.
- [stop-runaway-react-effects](https://github.com/kentcdodds/stop-runaway-react-effects) - Catches situations when a react use(Layout)Effect runs repeatedly in rapid succession.
- [react-zoom-pan-pinch](https://github.com/prc5/react-zoom-pan-pinch) - Super fast and light react npm package for zooming, panning and pinching html elements in easy way.
- [ReactShadow](https://github.com/Wildhoney/ReactShadow) - Utilise Shadow DOM in React with all the benefits of style encapsulation.
- [React GridList](https://github.com/jamiebuilds/react-gridlist) - Virtual-scrolling GridList component based on CSS Grids.
- [React Charts](https://github.com/tannerlinsley/react-charts) - Simple, immersive and interactive charts for React.
- [Spinners React](https://github.com/adexin/spinners-react) - Lightweight SVG/CSS spinners for React.
- [hamburger-react](https://github.com/luukdv/hamburger-react) - Animated hamburger menu icons for React.
- [react-see-through](https://github.com/andrew4699/react-see-through) - Draw attention to the important parts of your website.
- [react-error-boundary](https://github.com/bvaughn/react-error-boundary) - Simple reusable React error boundary component.
- [Eitherx](https://github.com/mfix22/eitherx) - Super simple, reusable either-or error boundaries for React.
- [Motion Layout](https://github.com/jeffersonlicet/react-motion-layout) - Beautiful immersive React hero animations.
- [React Focus Lock](https://github.com/theKashey/react-focus-lock) - Browser friendly focus lock.
- [Bedrock](https://github.com/Bedrock-Layouts/Bedrock) - Foundational Layout Primitives for your React App.

## Links

- [Awesome React Components](https://github.com/brillout/awesome-react-components#readme)
- [create-react-library](https://github.com/transitive-bullshit/create-react-library) - CLI for easily publishing modern React libraries with Rollup and example usage via create-react-app.
- [Awesome React Render Props](https://github.com/jaredpalmer/awesome-react-render-props#readme) - Awesome list of React components with render props.
- [Better Reusable React Components with the Overrides Pattern (2018)](https://medium.com/@dschnr/better-reusable-react-components-with-the-overrides-pattern-9eca2339f646)
- [React Cosmos](https://github.com/react-cosmos/react-cosmos) - Dev tool for creating reusable React components.
- [Uibook](https://github.com/vrizo/uibook) - Lightweight tool for React components visual testing with media queries.
- [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) - Open source tool for developing UI components in isolation for React, Vue, and Angular. ([Code](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook))
- [React Libraries in 2020](https://www.robinwieruch.de/react-libraries)

Commit message:

react-components swiftui browsers deno

programming-languages/javascript/js-libraries/react/react-components.md, after:

# React components

## Other

- [Belle](https://github.com/nikgraf/belle/) - Configurable React Components with great UX.
- [React Table](https://github.com/tannerlinsley/react-table) - Hooks for building fast and extendable tables and datagrids for React. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21630459))
- [Blueprint](https://github.com/palantir/blueprint) - React-based UI toolkit for the web.
- [Ant Design](http://ant.design/docs/react/introduce) - UI Design Language.
- [kit](https://github.com/c8r/kit) - Tools for developing, documenting, and testing React component libraries.
- [React Spring](https://github.com/drcmda/react-spring) - Set of simple, spring-physics based primitives (as in building blocks) that should cover most of your UI related animation needs.
- [SVGR](https://github.com/smooth-code/svgr) - Transform SVGs into React components.
- [Shopify](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react) - Shopify’s product component library.
- [react-jsonschema-form](https://github.com/mozilla-services/react-jsonschema-form) - React component for building Web forms from JSON Schema.
- [react-dropzone](https://github.com/react-dropzone/react-dropzone) - Simple HTML5 drag-drop zone with React.js
- [React Kawaii](https://github.com/miukimiu/react-kawaii) - Cute React UI Components.
- [React Select](https://github.com/react-component/select)
- [Primer Components](https://github.com/primer/components) - Primer React components.
- [react-movable](https://github.com/tajo/react-movable) - Drag and drop for your React lists and tables. Accessible. Tiny.
- [Semantic UI React](https://github.com/Semantic-Org/Semantic-UI-React) - Official Semantic-UI-React integration.
- [React Sidebar](https://github.com/balloob/react-sidebar) - Sidebar component for React.
- [The Platform](https://github.com/palmerhq/the-platform) - Web API's turned into React Hooks and Suspense-friendly React components.
- [Reakit](https://github.com/reakit/reakit) - Toolkit for building really interactive UIs with React.
- [libreact](https://github.com/streamich/libreact) - Collection of useful React components.
- [React Circular Progressbar](https://github.com/iqnivek/react-circular-progressbar) - Circular progress indicator.
- [React Window](https://github.com/bvaughn/react-window) - React components for efficiently rendering large lists and tabular data.
- [React Flip Toolkit](https://github.com/aholachek/react-flip-toolkit) - Utility library for highly configurable layout transitions.
- [React Calendar](https://github.com/react-component/calendar)
- [Recharts](https://github.com/recharts/recharts) - Redefined chart library built with React and D3.
- [Found](https://github.com/4Catalyzer/found) - Extensible route-based routing for React applications.
- [Reuse](https://github.com/diegohaz/reuse) - Reuse different React components to create new ones.
- [React Geosuggest](https://github.com/ubilabs/react-geosuggest) - React autosuggest for the Google Maps Places API.
- [loadable-components](https://github.com/smooth-code/loadable-components) - React code splitting made easy. Reduce your bundle size without stress.
- [react-tiny-virtual-list](https://github.com/clauderic/react-tiny-virtual-list) - Tiny but mighty list virtualization library, with zero dependencies.
- [React Morph](https://github.com/brunnolou/react-morph) - Morphing UI transitions made simple.
- [React InstantSearch](https://github.com/algolia/react-instantsearch) - Lightning-fast search for React and React Native applications, by Algolia.
- [React Virtuoso](https://github.com/petyosi/react-virtuoso) - Simple, easy to use React component made to render huge data lists.
- [Tipple](https://github.com/andyrichardson/tipple) - Lightweight dependency-free library for fetching data over REST with React.
- [react-component-benchmark](https://github.com/paularmstrong/react-component-benchmark) - Component to help benchmark React components and their trees.
- [react-async-component](https://github.com/ctrlplusb/react-async-component) - Resolve components asynchronously, with support for code splitting and advanced server side rendering use cases.
- [react-teleporter](https://github.com/smooth-code/react-teleporter) - Teleport React components in the same React tree.
- [re-resizable](https://github.com/bokuweb/re-resizable) - Resizable component for React.
- [react-tiniest-router](https://github.com/kitze/react-tiniest-router) - Tiniest router for React, built with hooks.
- [react-content-loader](https://github.com/danilowoz/react-content-loader) - SVG-Powered component to easily create placeholder loadings (like Facebook cards loading).
- [react-hook-form](https://github.com/bluebill1049/react-hook-form) - React custom hook for form validation without the hassle.
- [rest-hooks](https://github.com/coinbase/rest-hooks) - Delightful data fetching for React.
- [Motion](https://github.com/framer/motion) - Open source, production-ready animation and gesture library for React.
- [react-highlight-words](https://github.com/bvaughn/react-highlight-words) - React component to highlight words within a larger body of text.
- [Hooked-Form](https://github.com/JoviDeCroock/hooked-form) - Form library implemented with Hooks.
- [stated-bean](https://github.com/mjolnirjs/stated-bean) - Light but scalable state management library with react hooks, inspired by unstated-next.
- [react-diagrams](https://github.com/projectstorm/react-diagrams) - Super simple, no-nonsense diagramming library written in react that just works.
- [Why Did You Render](https://github.com/welldone-software/why-did-you-render) - Monkey patches React to notify you about avoidable re-renders.
- [react-day-picker](https://github.com/gpbl/react-day-picker) - Flexible date picker for React.
- [react-a11y-dialog](https://github.com/HugoGiraudel/react-a11y-dialog) - React component for a11y-dialog relying on React portals to ease the use of accessible dialog windows in React applications.
- [prism-react-renderer](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/prism-react-renderer) - Renders highlighted Prism output to React (+ theming & vendored Prism).
- [Naph](https://github.com/williamluke4/Naph) - React Component for rendering Node Graphs.
- [React Spinners](https://github.com/davidhu2000/react-spinners) - Collection of loading spinner components for react.
- [react-teleporter](https://github.com/gregberge/react-teleporter) - Teleport React components in the same React tree.
- [Stack Styled](https://github.com/sapegin/stack-styled) - Stacking layouts for React.
- [Rethinking Navigation](https://github.com/react-navigation/navigation-ex) - Exploration of a component-first API for React Navigation for building more dynamic navigation solutions.
- [craft.js](https://github.com/prevwong/craft.js) - React Framework for building extensible drag and drop page editors.
- [React Iframe](https://github.com/svenanders/react-iframe) - Simple solution for using iframes in React.
- [clack-react](https://github.com/reasonink/clack-react) - Provides two React components that enable keyboard shortcuts in React.
- [React Wizard Primitive](https://github.com/Jibbedi/react-wizard-primitive) - React wizard primitive - built with hooks.
- [console-feed](https://github.com/samdenty/console-feed) - Captures console.log's into a React Component.
- [react-json-view](https://github.com/mac-s-g/react-json-view) - React component for displaying and editing javascript arrays and JSON objects.
- [react-suspense-router](https://github.com/dai-shi/react-suspense-router) - React Router for React Suspense and Render-as-You-Fetch.
- [react-range](https://github.com/tajo/react-range) - Range input with a slider. Accessible. Bring your own styles and markup.
- [react-markdown](https://github.com/rexxars/react-markdown) - Renders Markdown as pure React components.
- [React Stripe.js](https://github.com/stripe/react-stripe-js) - React components for Stripe.js and Stripe Elements.
- [React Split Pane](https://github.com/tomkp/react-split-pane) - React split-pane component.
- [react-soft-slider](https://github.com/dbismut/react-soft-slider) - Simple, fast and impartial slider.
- [restful-react](https://github.com/contiamo/restful-react) - Consistent, declarative way of interacting with RESTful backends, featuring code-generation from Swagger and OpenAPI specs.
- [Iconify](https://github.com/iconify/iconify-react) - Modern open source SVG alternative to glyph fonts.
- [Formsy](https://github.com/formsy/formsy-react) - Form input builder and validator for React.
- [React Frontload](https://github.com/davnicwil/react-frontload) - Async data loading for React components, on client & server.
- [stop-runaway-react-effects](https://github.com/kentcdodds/stop-runaway-react-effects) - Catches situations when a react use(Layout)Effect runs repeatedly in rapid succession.
- [react-zoom-pan-pinch](https://github.com/prc5/react-zoom-pan-pinch) - Super fast and light react npm package for zooming, panning and pinching html elements in easy way.
- [ReactShadow](https://github.com/Wildhoney/ReactShadow) - Utilise Shadow DOM in React with all the benefits of style encapsulation.
- [React GridList](https://github.com/jamiebuilds/react-gridlist) - Virtual-scrolling GridList component based on CSS Grids.
- [React Charts](https://github.com/tannerlinsley/react-charts) - Simple, immersive and interactive charts for React.
- [Spinners React](https://github.com/adexin/spinners-react) - Lightweight SVG/CSS spinners for React.
- [hamburger-react](https://github.com/luukdv/hamburger-react) - Animated hamburger menu icons for React.
- [react-see-through](https://github.com/andrew4699/react-see-through) - Draw attention to the important parts of your website.
- [react-error-boundary](https://github.com/bvaughn/react-error-boundary) - Simple reusable React error boundary component.
- [Eitherx](https://github.com/mfix22/eitherx) - Super simple, reusable either-or error boundaries for React.
- [Motion Layout](https://github.com/jeffersonlicet/react-motion-layout) - Beautiful immersive React hero animations.
- [React Focus Lock](https://github.com/theKashey/react-focus-lock) - Browser friendly focus lock.
- [Bedrock](https://github.com/Bedrock-Layouts/Bedrock) - Foundational Layout Primitives for your React App.
- [React-Focus-On](https://github.com/theKashey/react-focus-on) - Solution for WAI ARIA compatible modal dialogs or full-screen tasks.

## Links

- [Awesome React Components](https://github.com/brillout/awesome-react-components#readme)
- [create-react-library](https://github.com/transitive-bullshit/create-react-library) - CLI for easily publishing modern React libraries with Rollup and example usage via create-react-app.
- [Awesome React Render Props](https://github.com/jaredpalmer/awesome-react-render-props#readme) - Awesome list of React components with render props.
- [Better Reusable React Components with the Overrides Pattern (2018)](https://medium.com/@dschnr/better-reusable-react-components-with-the-overrides-pattern-9eca2339f646)
- [React Cosmos](https://github.com/react-cosmos/react-cosmos) - Dev tool for creating reusable React components.
- [Uibook](https://github.com/vrizo/uibook) - Lightweight tool for React components visual testing with media queries.
- [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) - Open source tool for developing UI components in isolation for React, Vue, and Angular. ([Code](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook))
- [React Libraries in 2020](https://www.robinwieruch.de/react-libraries)
