programming-languages/javascript/js-libraries/react/react-native.md, before:

# [React Native](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/)

## Links

- [React Native DOM](https://github.com/vincentriemer/react-native-dom)
- [Create React Native App](https://github.com/react-community/create-react-native-app)
- [Expo](https://expo.io/) - Free and open source toolchain built around React Native to help you build native iOS and Android projects using JavaScript and React.
- [Emission](https://github.com/artsy/emission) - React Native Components.
- [Detox](https://github.com/wix/detox#readme) - Gray Box End-to-End Testing and Automation Framework for Mobile Apps.
- [Awesome React Native Components](https://github.com/madhavanmalolan/awesome-reactnative-ui#readme)
- [Declarative future of gestures and animations in React Native - Krzysztof Magiera (2018)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdq4z2708VM)
- [Simple physics with Reanimated — Part 1](https://blog.swmansion.com/simple-physics-with-reanimated-part-1-9d55d36f73cd)
- [Why Discord is Sticking with React Native (2018)](https://blog.discordapp.com/why-discord-is-sticking-with-react-native-ccc34be0d427)
- [React Native Web](https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web) - Makes it possible to run React Native components and APIs on the web using React DOM.
- [CodePush](https://github.com/Microsoft/code-push) - Cloud service that enables Cordova and React Native developers to deploy mobile app updates directly to their users’ devices.
- [React Native CLI](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-cli) - Command Line Interface for React Native.
- [Hermes JS Engine](https://github.com/facebook/hermes) - Small and lightweight JavaScript engine optimized for running React Native on Android.
- [Upgrade Helper](https://github.com/react-native-community/upgrade-helper) - Web interface to support React Native developers in upgrading their apps.
- [react-native-tscodegen](https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-tscodegen) - Generate react-native turbo modules using TypeScript.
- [Haul](https://github.com/callstack/haul) - Drop-in replacement for react-native CLI built on open tools like Webpack.
- [zacs](https://github.com/Nozbe/zacs) - Zero Abstraction Cost Styling (for React DOM & React Native)
- [How Discord achieves native iOS performance with React Native (2019)](https://blog.discordapp.com/how-discord-achieves-native-ios-performance-with-react-native-390c84dcd502) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21480493))
- [Kadi Kraman - Security And Authentication In React Native (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KqbiRuyi1ck)
- [Kitten Tricks](https://github.com/akveo/kittenTricks) - Starter kit with over 40 screens and modern Light and Dark theme for creating stunning cross-platform mobile applications.
- [Nars](https://github.com/nars-dev/nars) - Server rendered React Native.
- [react-native-dark-mode](https://github.com/codemotionapps/react-native-dark-mode) - Detect dark mode in React Native.
- [Ordinary Puzzles](https://github.com/mmazzarolo/ordinary-puzzles-app) - Mobile puzzle game built with React-Native.
- [React Native Tab View](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-tab-view) - Cross-platform Tab View component for React Native.
- [React Native — Monorepos & Code Sharing (2020)](https://engineering.brigad.co/react-native-monorepos-code-sharing-f6c08172b417)
- [Awesome React Native: Native Modules](https://github.com/prscX/awesome-react-native-native-modules#readme)
- [React Native Now](https://reactnativenow.com/) - Bi-weekly React Native newsletter.
- [Gifted Chat](https://github.com/FaridSafi/react-native-gifted-chat) - Most complete chat UI for React Native & Web.
- [RecyclerListView](https://github.com/Flipkart/recyclerlistview) - High performance listview for React Native and web.
- [React Native command line tools](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli)
- [React Native Confetti](https://github.com/hyperjumptech/react-native-confetti) - React Native component to show confetti.
- [React Native Debugger](https://github.com/jhen0409/react-native-debugger) - Standalone app for debugging React Native apps.
- [Supportive material for the tutorial about React Native and SwiftUI](https://github.com/Kureev/ReactNativeWithSwiftUITutorial)
- [React Navigation](https://github.com/react-navigation/react-navigation) - Routing and navigation for your React Native apps.
- [Alexey Kureev - React Native CodeGen (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnplXjhsrJk)
- [Expo](https://github.com/expo/expo) - Open-source platform for making universal native apps that run on Android, iOS, and the web.
- [Expo CLI](https://github.com/expo/expo-cli) - Tools for making Expo apps.
- [React Native Paper](https://github.com/callstack/react-native-paper) - Material Design for React Native (Android & iOS).
- [Start React Native](https://start-react-native.dev/) - Learn to leverage the power of declarative gestures and animations to build delightful user experiences that run at 60 fps even on low-grade Android devices.
- [Projects from the “Can it be done in React Native?” YouTube series](https://github.com/wcandillon/can-it-be-done-in-react-native)
- [Awesome React Native](https://www.awesome-react-native.com/) ([Code](https://github.com/jondot/awesome-react-native))
- [Deep Linking in React Native (2020)](https://arsfutura.co/magazine/deep-linking-in-react-native/)
- [Reanimated Bottom Sheet](https://github.com/osdnk/react-native-reanimated-bottom-sheet) - Highly configurable bottom sheet component made with react-native-reanimated and react-native-gesture-handler.
- [React Native JSI Example (2020)](https://gist.github.com/axemclion/e7faeb4ee9d89832040e96d6837b269d)
- [What are the disadvantages of the Expo? (2020)](https://www.reddit.com/r/reactnative/comments/f0a8zh/what_are_the_disadvantages_of_the_expo/)
- [React Native Express](http://www.reactnativeexpress.com/) - Learn React Native, the cross-platform app framework. ([Code](https://github.com/dabbott/react-native-express))
- [React Native V8 JSI adapter](https://github.com/microsoft/v8-jsi)
- [React Native: Discussions and Proposals](https://github.com/react-native-community/discussions-and-proposals)
- [React Native Test App](https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-test-app) - Provides test apps for all platforms as a package.

Commit message:

SUMMARY serverless-computing svg algorithms data-structures formal-verification databases design-systems distributed-systems learning hardware qmk machine-learning file-sharing kubernetes go babel js-libraries react-native redux racket programming-languages rust scala hashing programming blogs vs-code-extensions tools web-accessibility web remote-work

programming-languages/javascript/js-libraries/react/react-native.md, after:

# [React Native](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/)

## Links

- [React Native DOM](https://github.com/vincentriemer/react-native-dom)
- [Create React Native App](https://github.com/react-community/create-react-native-app)
- [Expo](https://expo.io/) - Free and open source toolchain built around React Native to help you build native iOS and Android projects using JavaScript and React.
- [Emission](https://github.com/artsy/emission) - React Native Components.
- [Detox](https://github.com/wix/detox#readme) - Gray Box End-to-End Testing and Automation Framework for Mobile Apps.
- [Awesome React Native Components](https://github.com/madhavanmalolan/awesome-reactnative-ui#readme)
- [Declarative future of gestures and animations in React Native - Krzysztof Magiera (2018)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdq4z2708VM)
- [Simple physics with Reanimated — Part 1](https://blog.swmansion.com/simple-physics-with-reanimated-part-1-9d55d36f73cd)
- [Why Discord is Sticking with React Native (2018)](https://blog.discordapp.com/why-discord-is-sticking-with-react-native-ccc34be0d427)
- [React Native Web](https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web) - Makes it possible to run React Native components and APIs on the web using React DOM.
- [CodePush](https://github.com/Microsoft/code-push) - Cloud service that enables Cordova and React Native developers to deploy mobile app updates directly to their users’ devices.
- [React Native CLI](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-cli) - Command Line Interface for React Native.
- [Hermes JS Engine](https://github.com/facebook/hermes) - Small and lightweight JavaScript engine optimized for running React Native on Android.
- [Upgrade Helper](https://github.com/react-native-community/upgrade-helper) - Web interface to support React Native developers in upgrading their apps.
- [react-native-tscodegen](https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-tscodegen) - Generate react-native turbo modules using TypeScript.
- [Haul](https://github.com/callstack/haul) - Drop-in replacement for react-native CLI built on open tools like Webpack.
- [zacs](https://github.com/Nozbe/zacs) - Zero Abstraction Cost Styling (for React DOM & React Native)
- [How Discord achieves native iOS performance with React Native (2019)](https://blog.discordapp.com/how-discord-achieves-native-ios-performance-with-react-native-390c84dcd502) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21480493))
- [Kadi Kraman - Security And Authentication In React Native (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KqbiRuyi1ck)
- [Kitten Tricks](https://github.com/akveo/kittenTricks) - Starter kit with over 40 screens and modern Light and Dark theme for creating stunning cross-platform mobile applications.
- [Nars](https://github.com/nars-dev/nars) - Server rendered React Native.
- [react-native-dark-mode](https://github.com/codemotionapps/react-native-dark-mode) - Detect dark mode in React Native.
- [Ordinary Puzzles](https://github.com/mmazzarolo/ordinary-puzzles-app) - Mobile puzzle game built with React-Native.
- [React Native Tab View](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-tab-view) - Cross-platform Tab View component for React Native.
- [React Native — Monorepos & Code Sharing (2020)](https://engineering.brigad.co/react-native-monorepos-code-sharing-f6c08172b417)
- [Awesome React Native: Native Modules](https://github.com/prscX/awesome-react-native-native-modules#readme)
- [React Native Now](https://reactnativenow.com/) - Bi-weekly React Native newsletter.
- [Gifted Chat](https://github.com/FaridSafi/react-native-gifted-chat) - Most complete chat UI for React Native & Web.
- [RecyclerListView](https://github.com/Flipkart/recyclerlistview) - High performance listview for React Native and web.
- [React Native command line tools](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli)
- [React Native Confetti](https://github.com/hyperjumptech/react-native-confetti) - React Native component to show confetti.
- [React Native Debugger](https://github.com/jhen0409/react-native-debugger) - Standalone app for debugging React Native apps.
- [React Navigation](https://github.com/react-navigation/react-navigation) - Routing and navigation for your React Native apps.
- [Alexey Kureev - React Native CodeGen (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnplXjhsrJk)
- [Expo](https://github.com/expo/expo) - Open-source platform for making universal native apps that run on Android, iOS, and the web.
- [Expo CLI](https://github.com/expo/expo-cli) - Tools for making Expo apps.
- [React Native Paper](https://github.com/callstack/react-native-paper) - Material Design for React Native (Android & iOS).
- [Start React Native](https://start-react-native.dev/) - Learn to leverage the power of declarative gestures and animations to build delightful user experiences that run at 60 fps even on low-grade Android devices.
- [Projects from the “Can it be done in React Native?” YouTube series](https://github.com/wcandillon/can-it-be-done-in-react-native)
- [Awesome React Native](https://www.awesome-react-native.com/) ([Code](https://github.com/jondot/awesome-react-native))
- [Deep Linking in React Native (2020)](https://arsfutura.co/magazine/deep-linking-in-react-native/)
- [Reanimated Bottom Sheet](https://github.com/osdnk/react-native-reanimated-bottom-sheet) - Highly configurable bottom sheet component made with react-native-reanimated and react-native-gesture-handler.
- [React Native JSI Example (2020)](https://gist.github.com/axemclion/e7faeb4ee9d89832040e96d6837b269d)
- [What are the disadvantages of the Expo? (2020)](https://www.reddit.com/r/reactnative/comments/f0a8zh/what_are_the_disadvantages_of_the_expo/)
- [React Native Express](http://www.reactnativeexpress.com/) - Learn React Native, the cross-platform app framework. ([Code](https://github.com/dabbott/react-native-express))
- [React Native V8 JSI adapter](https://github.com/microsoft/v8-jsi)
- [React Native: Discussions and Proposals](https://github.com/react-native-community/discussions-and-proposals)
- [React Native Test App](https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-test-app) - Provides test apps for all platforms as a package.
- [React Native Meets SwiftUI (2020)](https://medium.com/better-programming/react-native-meets-swiftui-d1606a8e1681) - Write a proxy that allows you to use SwiftUI in React Native apps. ([Code](https://github.com/Kureev/ReactNativeWithSwiftUITutorial))
