web/static-sites/static-sites.md, before:

# Static sites

I love using [Hugo](hugo.md) for generating static websites. I then use [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) to host the sites for free.

## Interesting generators

- [Gatsby](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby) - Using React.
- [VuePress](https://github.com/vuejs/vuepress) - Minimalistic docs generator with Vue component based layout system.
- [zola](https://github.com/getzola/zola) - Fast static site generator in a single binary with everything built-in.
- [Styx](https://styx-static.github.io/styx-site/) - Purely functional static site generator in Nix expression language.
- [Charge](https://github.com/brandonweiss/charge) - Opinionated, zero-config static site generator.
- [elm-pages](https://github.com/dillonkearns/elm-pages) - Statically typed site generator for Elm.
- [JuDoc](https://github.com/tlienart/JuDoc.jl) - Simple static site generator (SSG) oriented towards technical blogging (code, maths, ...) and light, fast-loading pages.
- [Antwar](https://github.com/antwarjs/antwar) - Static site generator built with React and Webpack.
- [Plot](https://github.com/JohnSundell/Plot) - DSL for writing type-safe HTML, XML and RSS in Swift.
- [Staticgen](https://github.com/tj/staticgen) - Static website generator that lets you use HTTP servers and frameworks you already know.
- [rib](https://github.com/srid/rib) - Haskell library for writing your own static site generator.
- [Publish](https://github.com/JohnSundell/Publish) - Static site generator for Swift developers.
- [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/) - Simpler static site generator. ([Starter](https://eleventail.netlify.com/)) ([Code](https://github.com/11ty/eleventy))
- [Docsite](https://github.com/txd-team/docsite) - Open source static website generator.

## Links

- [The Intrinsic Static Site](https://brandur.org/aws-intrinsic-static)
- [Going static](https://brandur.org/fragments/going-static)
- [Blog Rewrite with Hakyll and Purescript (2016)](https://blog.jle.im/entry/blog-rewrite-with-hakyll-and-purescript.html)
- [Awesome JAMStack](https://github.com/automata/awesome-jamstack#readme) - Modern web development architecture based on client-side JavaScript, reusable APIs, and prebuilt Markup.
- [Ask HN: Best Static Site Builder? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21616149)
- [Userbase](https://userbase.com/) - Easiest way to add user accounts and data persistence to your static site. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22145168)) ([Code](https://github.com/encrypted-dev/userbase))
- [StaticKit](https://statickit.com/) - Hassle-Free Forms For Static Sites.
- [Netlify Search Index Plugin](https://github.com/sw-yx/netlify-plugin-search-index) - Generate a Search Index you can query via a static JSON blob or a Netlify Function.
- [What static site generator and theme do you use for your blog (2020)](https://lobste.rs/s/h491m8/what_static_site_generator_theme_do_you)
- [Stork](https://github.com/jameslittle230/stork) - Impossibly fast web search, made for static sites.
- [Blazing fast math rendering on the web](http://bollu.github.io/#blazing-fast-math-rendering-on-the-web) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/bhykd6/blazing_fast_math_rendering_on_web))
- [Static Hoisting (2020)](https://rauchg.com/2020/static-hoisting)
- [Shrinking my static site (2020)](https://hampton.pw/posts/shrinking-this-sites-docker-image/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23058289))

Commit message:

fonts recipes fractals react-native static-sites

web/static-sites/static-sites.md, after:

# Static sites

I love using [Hugo](hugo.md) for generating static websites. I then use [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) to host the sites for free.

## Interesting generators

- [Gatsby](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby) - Using React.
- [VuePress](https://github.com/vuejs/vuepress) - Minimalistic docs generator with Vue component based layout system.
- [zola](https://github.com/getzola/zola) - Fast static site generator in a single binary with everything built-in.
- [Styx](https://styx-static.github.io/styx-site/) - Purely functional static site generator in Nix expression language.
- [Charge](https://github.com/brandonweiss/charge) - Opinionated, zero-config static site generator.
- [elm-pages](https://github.com/dillonkearns/elm-pages) - Statically typed site generator for Elm.
- [JuDoc](https://github.com/tlienart/JuDoc.jl) - Simple static site generator (SSG) oriented towards technical blogging (code, maths, ...) and light, fast-loading pages.
- [Antwar](https://github.com/antwarjs/antwar) - Static site generator built with React and Webpack.
- [Plot](https://github.com/JohnSundell/Plot) - DSL for writing type-safe HTML, XML and RSS in Swift.
- [Staticgen](https://github.com/tj/staticgen) - Static website generator that lets you use HTTP servers and frameworks you already know.
- [rib](https://github.com/srid/rib) - Haskell library for writing your own static site generator.
- [Publish](https://github.com/JohnSundell/Publish) - Static site generator for Swift developers.
- [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/) - Simpler static site generator. ([Starter](https://eleventail.netlify.com/)) ([Code](https://github.com/11ty/eleventy))
- [Docsite](https://github.com/txd-team/docsite) - Open source static website generator.

## Notes

- [If you've got a static site with a scrollable sidebar, it really helps to memorize the scroll position across page loads.](https://twitter.com/hakimel/status/1262337065670316033)

## Links

- [The Intrinsic Static Site](https://brandur.org/aws-intrinsic-static)
- [Going static](https://brandur.org/fragments/going-static)
- [Blog Rewrite with Hakyll and Purescript (2016)](https://blog.jle.im/entry/blog-rewrite-with-hakyll-and-purescript.html)
- [Awesome JAMStack](https://github.com/automata/awesome-jamstack#readme) - Modern web development architecture based on client-side JavaScript, reusable APIs, and prebuilt Markup.
- [Ask HN: Best Static Site Builder? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21616149)
- [Userbase](https://userbase.com/) - Easiest way to add user accounts and data persistence to your static site. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22145168)) ([Code](https://github.com/encrypted-dev/userbase))
- [StaticKit](https://statickit.com/) - Hassle-Free Forms For Static Sites.
- [Netlify Search Index Plugin](https://github.com/sw-yx/netlify-plugin-search-index) - Generate a Search Index you can query via a static JSON blob or a Netlify Function.
- [What static site generator and theme do you use for your blog (2020)](https://lobste.rs/s/h491m8/what_static_site_generator_theme_do_you)
- [Stork](https://github.com/jameslittle230/stork) - Impossibly fast web search, made for static sites.
- [Blazing fast math rendering on the web](http://bollu.github.io/#blazing-fast-math-rendering-on-the-web) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/bhykd6/blazing_fast_math_rendering_on_web))
- [Static Hoisting (2020)](https://rauchg.com/2020/static-hoisting)
- [Shrinking my static site (2020)](https://hampton.pw/posts/shrinking-this-sites-docker-image/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23058289))
