economy/investing.md, before:

# Investing

## Notes

- Don't try to time the market. Time in the market is better than timing the market.
- If you want the theoretically highest return then get in immediately, because the only guaranteed way to on average increase your return is to be in the market for a longer period of time. If you're worried about volatility then accumulate your position over a week or a month at a set rate.

## Links

- [Bogleheads Wiki](https://www.bogleheads.org/wiki/Main_Page) - Great resource.
- [Lazy portfolios](https://www.bogleheads.org/wiki/Lazy_portfolios)
- [Keith Rabois' investment criteria](https://twitter.com/rabois/status/934099022603747329)
- [Seeking Alpha](https://seekingalpha.com/) - Crowd-sourced content service for financial markets.
- [Here’s everything I’ve learned about angel investing in the past 8 years since I made my first one. I’ve invested in Cruise, Ginkgo Bioworks, Razorpay, Bird, and 100 more companies.](https://twitter.com/justinkan/status/1136751115632988160)
- [Jack Bogle on Index Funds, Vanguard, and Investing Advice (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLgn_kVKjCE)
- [The Position of Fuck You by JL Collins](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eikbQPldhPY)
- [JL Collins: "The Simple Path to Wealth" | Talks at Google (2018)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T71ibcZAX3I)
- [Josh Wolfe Discusses Innovative Investments (2019)](https://overcast.fm/+JVs6Yyeqg)
- [Freetrade](https://freetrade.io/) - Commission free investing for UK/EU.
- [How To Invest In Startups (2020)](https://blog.samaltman.com/how-to-invest-in-startups) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22035997))
- [Fey](https://www.feyapp.com/) - Gives you the complete picture of your portfolio, with fast data entry, always-on risk analysis and more.
- [Top companies by market cap](https://finviz.com/screener.ashx?o=-marketcap)
- [FINVIZ](https://finviz.com/) - Financial visualizations.
- [How to start angel investing (2020)](https://medium.com/@juliadewahl/how-to-start-angel-investing-8f2eb779e96f)
- [Investors Club](https://investors.club/) - Paid, members-only marketplace for serious buyers interested in proven businesses that aren't listed anywhere else.
- [Tesla: the ’20s (2020)](https://jwmza.com/thoughts/tesla-the-20s/)
- [Ask HN: How do I find investors? (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22284025)
- [A Dozen Things I’ve Learned from Charlie Munger about Mental Models and Worldly Wisdom (2015)](https://25iq.com/2015/08/22/a-dozen-things-ive-learned-from-charlie-munger-about-mental-models-and-worldly-wisdom/)

Commit message:

api investing game-engines games go machine-learning dependent-types docker kubernetes js-libraries rust-libraries swift-libraries streaming communication

economy/investing.md, after:

# Investing

## Notes

- Don't try to time the market. Time in the market is better than timing the market.
- If you want the theoretically highest return then get in immediately, because the only guaranteed way to on average increase your return is to be in the market for a longer period of time. If you're worried about volatility then accumulate your position over a week or a month at a set rate.
- ISA investing is tax-free. Can use [Vanguard](https://www.vanguardinvestor.co.uk/investing-explained/stocks-shares-isa) for it.

## Links

- [Bogleheads Wiki](https://www.bogleheads.org/wiki/Main_Page) - Great resource.
- [Lazy portfolios](https://www.bogleheads.org/wiki/Lazy_portfolios)
- [Keith Rabois' investment criteria](https://twitter.com/rabois/status/934099022603747329)
- [Seeking Alpha](https://seekingalpha.com/) - Crowd-sourced content service for financial markets.
- [Here’s everything I’ve learned about angel investing in the past 8 years since I made my first one. I’ve invested in Cruise, Ginkgo Bioworks, Razorpay, Bird, and 100 more companies.](https://twitter.com/justinkan/status/1136751115632988160)
- [Jack Bogle on Index Funds, Vanguard, and Investing Advice (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLgn_kVKjCE)
- [The Position of Fuck You by JL Collins](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eikbQPldhPY)
- [JL Collins: "The Simple Path to Wealth" | Talks at Google (2018)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T71ibcZAX3I)
- [Josh Wolfe Discusses Innovative Investments (2019)](https://overcast.fm/+JVs6Yyeqg)
- [Freetrade](https://freetrade.io/) - Commission free investing for UK/EU.
- [How To Invest In Startups (2020)](https://blog.samaltman.com/how-to-invest-in-startups) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22035997))
- [Fey](https://www.feyapp.com/) - Gives you the complete picture of your portfolio, with fast data entry, always-on risk analysis and more.
- [Top companies by market cap](https://finviz.com/screener.ashx?o=-marketcap)
- [FINVIZ](https://finviz.com/) - Financial visualizations.
- [How to start angel investing (2020)](https://medium.com/@juliadewahl/how-to-start-angel-investing-8f2eb779e96f)
- [Investors Club](https://investors.club/) - Paid, members-only marketplace for serious buyers interested in proven businesses that aren't listed anywhere else.
- [Tesla: the ’20s (2020)](https://jwmza.com/thoughts/tesla-the-20s/)
- [Ask HN: How do I find investors? (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22284025)
- [A Dozen Things I’ve Learned from Charlie Munger about Mental Models and Worldly Wisdom (2015)](https://25iq.com/2015/08/22/a-dozen-things-ive-learned-from-charlie-munger-about-mental-models-and-worldly-wisdom/)
