programming-languages/swift/swift-libraries/swift-libraries.md, before:

# Swift libraries

## Animation

- [Anim](https://github.com/onurersel/anim#readme) - Swift animation library for iOS, tvOS and macOS.

## Networking

- [Alomofire](https://github.com/Alamofire/Alamofire) - Elegant HTTP Networking.
- [APIKit](https://github.com/ishkawa/APIKit) - Type-safe networking abstraction layer that associates request type with response type.

## iOS

- [SPStorkController](https://github.com/IvanVorobei/SPStorkController) - Modal controller as in mail or Apple music application.
- [SPPermission](https://github.com/IvanVorobei/SPPermission) - Simple request permission with native UI and interactive animation.
- [PanModal](https://github.com/slackhq/PanModal) - Elegant and highly customizable presentation API for constructing bottom sheet modals on iOS.
- [SwiftCharts](https://github.com/i-schuetz/SwiftCharts) - Easy to use and highly customizable charts library for iOS.
- [SwiftEntryKit](https://github.com/huri000/SwiftEntryKit) - Banner presenter library for iOS.
- [Sizes](https://github.com/marcosgriselli/Sizes) - View your app on different device and font sizes.
- [MagazineLayout](https://github.com/airbnb/MagazineLayout) - Collection view layout capable of laying out views in vertically scrolling grids and lists.
- [Stevia](https://github.com/freshOS/Stevia) - View Layout library for iOS.
- [ContextMenu](https://github.com/GitHawkApp/ContextMenu) - iOS context menu UI inspired by Things 3.
- [PresenterKit](https://github.com/jessesquires/PresenterKit) - Swifty view controller presentation for iOS.
- [OnboardingKit](https://github.com/Athlee/OnboardingKit) - Simple and interactive framework for making iOS onboarding experience easy and fun.
- [Stagehand](https://github.com/cashapp/stagehand) - Modern, type-safe API for building animations on iOS.
- [iOS Security Suite](https://github.com/securing/IOSSecuritySuite) - Advanced and easy-to-use platform security & anti-tampering library written in pure Swift.
- [OnboardKit](https://github.com/NikolaKirev/OnboardKit) - Customizable user onboarding for your UIKit app in Swift.
- [JTAppleCalendar](https://github.com/patchthecode/JTAppleCalendar) - Unofficial Apple iOS Swift Calendar View. Swift calendar Library. iOS calendar Control. 100% Customizable.
- [SFSymbolsSafe](https://github.com/cezarywojcik/SFSymbolsSafe) - Safe way to use SF Symbols.

## Web

- [Vapor](https://github.com/vapor/vapor) - Server-side Swift web framework.

## SwiftUI

- [QGrid](https://github.com/Q-Mobile/QGrid) - Missing SwiftUI collection view.
- [PullToRefresh](https://github.com/noppefoxwolf/PullToRefresh) - Can add refresh control and perform action your SwiftUI list.
- [Swift Sunburst Diagram](https://github.com/lludo/SwiftSunburstDiagram) - Easily render diagrams given a tree of objects.
- [ChartView](https://github.com/AppPear/ChartView) - Swift package for displaying charts effortlessly.
- [URLImage](https://github.com/dmytro-anokhin/url-image) - Asynchronous image loading in SwiftUI. SwiftUI Image view that displays an image downloaded from URL, with cache and filters.
- [SwiftUI Router](https://github.com/frzi/SwiftUIRouter) - Routing in SwiftUI.

## macOS

- [LaunchAtLogin](https://github.com/sindresorhus/LaunchAtLogin) - Add "Launch at Login" functionality to your macOS app in seconds.
- [Preferences](https://github.com/sindresorhus/Preferences) - Add a preferences window to your macOS app in minutes.
- [FileWatcher](https://github.com/eonist/FileWatcher) - Monitoring file system changes in macOS.

## API

- [SwiftTwitch](https://github.com/Chris-Perkins/SwiftTwitch) - Library intended for client-facing applications interaction with the New Twitch API, Helix.
- [SlackKit](https://github.com/pvzig/SlackKit) - Build Slack apps, in Swift.

## ML

- [Swift for TensorFlow APIs](https://github.com/tensorflow/swift-apis)

## Other

- [Runtime](https://github.com/wickwirew/Runtime) - Swift Runtime library for viewing type info, and the dynamic getting and setting of properties.
- [MerchantKit](https://github.com/benjaminmayo/merchantkit) - Modern In-App Purchases management framework for iOS.
- [Swift tagged](https://github.com/pointfreeco/swift-tagged) - Library for safer types.
- [Login Critter](https://github.com/cgoldsby/LoginCritter) - Animated avatar that responds to text field interactions.
- [Pixel](https://github.com/muukii/Pixel) - Image editor and engine using CoreImage.
- [FlexibleImage](https://github.com/kawoou/FlexibleImage) - Simple way to play with the image.
- [Reqres](https://github.com/AckeeCZ/Reqres) - Simple network activity logger for iOS.
- [ObjectBox Swift](https://github.com/objectbox/objectbox-swift) - Persisting your Swift objects superfast and simple.
- [set-simulator-location](https://github.com/lyft/set-sinmulator-location) - CLI for setting location in the iOS simulator.
- [OrederedSet](https://github.com/Weebly/OrderedSet) - Swift collection of unique, ordered objects.
- [Apollo iOS](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-ios) - Strongly-typed, caching GraphQL client for iOS, written in Swift.
- [Charts](https://github.com/danielgindi/Charts) - Beautiful charts for iOS/tvOS/OSX! The Apple side of the crossplatform MPAndroidChart.
- [Connectivity](https://github.com/rwbutler/Connectivity) - Makes Internet connectivity detection more robust by detecting Wi-Fi networks without Internet access.
- [Sublimate](https://github.com/gabrielepalma/sublimate) - Ridiculously fast full stack Swift prototyping with Vapor and Sourcery.
- [Sourcery](https://github.com/krzysztofzablocki/Sourcery) - Meta-programming for Swift, stop writing boilerplate code.
- [Aiolos](https://github.com/IdeasOnCanvas/Aiolos) - Floating panel for your iOS Apps.
- [ShellOut](https://github.com/JohnSundell/ShellOut) - Easily run shell commands from a Swift script or command line tool.
- [BlueSocket](https://github.com/IBM-Swift/BlueSocket) - Socket framework for Swift using the Swift Package Manager.
- [GraphQL](https://github.com/GraphQLSwift/GraphQL) - Swift GraphQL implementation for macOS and Linux.
- [Regular Expression Decoder](https://github.com/Flight-School/RegularExpressionDecoder)
- [CLISpinner](https://github.com/kiliankoe/CLISpinner) - 60+ spinners for use in the terminal.
- [Tokamak](https://github.com/MaxDesiatov/Tokamak) - React-like framework for native UI written in pure Swift.
- [Render](https://github.com/alexdrone/Render) - Swift and UIKit a la React.
- [SwiftLint](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint) - Tool to enforce Swift style and conventions, loosely based on GitHub's Swift Style Guide.
- [LayoutKit](https://github.com/linkedin/LayoutKit) - Fast view layout library for iOS, macOS, and tvOS.
- [SwiftCheck](https://github.com/typelift/SwiftCheck) - QuickCheck for Swift.
- [Highlightr](https://github.com/raspu/Highlightr) - iOS & OSX Syntax Highlighter.
- [Loaf](https://github.com/schmidyy/Loaf) - Swifty Framework for Easy iOS Toasts.
- [ImageTransition](https://github.com/shtnkgm/ImageTransition) - Library for smooth animation of images during transitions.
- [Mockingjay](https://github.com/kylef/Mockingjay) - Elegant library for stubbing HTTP requests with ease in Swift.
- [Mobius](https://github.com/spotify/Mobius.swift) - Functional reactive framework for managing state evolution and side-effects.
- [Table and Collection view data sources](https://github.com/RxSwiftCommunity/RxDataSources)
- [swift-log](https://github.com/apple/swift-log) - Logging API package for Swift 5.
- [FeedKit](https://github.com/nmdias/FeedKit) - RSS, Atom and JSON Feed parser written in Swift.
- [DefaultsKit](https://github.com/nmdias/DefaultsKit) - Simple, Strongly Typed UserDefaults for iOS, macOS and tvOS.
- [Nimble](https://github.com/Quick/Nimble) - Express the expected outcomes of Swift or Objective-C expressions.
- [Schedule](https://github.com/jianstm/Schedule) - Lightweight timed task scheduler for Swift. (A modern alternative to Timer).
- [HandySwift](https://github.com/Flinesoft/HandySwift) - Goal of this library is to provide handy features that didn't make it to the Swift standard library (yet) due to many different reasons.
- [Ease](https://github.com/roberthein/Ease) - Event driven animation system that combines the observer pattern with custom spring animations as observers.
- [Proposer](https://github.com/nixzhu/Proposer) - Provides a single API to request permission for access Camera, Photos, Microphone, Contacts, Reminders, Calendar, Location or Notifications.
- [Codextended](https://github.com/JohnSundell/Codextended) - Suite of extensions that aims to make Swift’s Codable API easier to use by giving it type inference-powered capabilities and conveniences.
- [Valet](https://github.com/square/Valet) - Lets you securely store data in the iOS, tvOS, watchOS, or macOS Keychain without knowing a thing about how the Keychain works.
- [FillableLoaders](https://github.com/polqf/FillableLoaders) - Completely customizable progress based loaders drawn using custom CGPaths.
- [SwiftMetrics](https://github.com/apple/swift-metrics) - Metrics API package for Swift.
- [Zephyr](https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/Zephyr) - Effortlessly synchronize UserDefaults over iCloud.
- [Sweep](https://github.com/JohnSundell/Sweep) - Fast and powerful Swift string scanning made simple.
- [KeyboardLayoutGuide](https://github.com/freshOS/KeyboardLayoutGuide) - Apple's missing KeyboardLayoutGuide.
- [IkigaJSON](https://github.com/Ikiga/IkigaJSON) - High performance JSON library in Swift.
- [ReSwift](https://github.com/ReSwift/ReSwift) - Unidirectional Data Flow in Swift - Inspired by Redux.
- [Kingfisher](https://github.com/onevcat/Kingfisher) - Lightweight, pure-Swift library for downloading and caching images from the web.
- [Blueprints](https://github.com/zenangst/Blueprints) - Framework that is meant to make your life easier when working with collection view flow layouts.
- [SPAlert](https://github.com/IvanVorobei/SPAlert) - Native popup from Apple Music & Feedback in AppStore. Contains Done & Heart presets.
- [Moya](https://github.com/moya/moya) - Network abstraction layer written in Swift.
- [Pulley](https://github.com/52inc/Pulley) - Library to imitate the iOS 10 Maps UI.
- [Cache](https://github.com/hyperoslo/Cache) - Nothing but Cache.
- [Stencil](https://github.com/stencilproject/Stencil) - Simple and powerful template language for Swift.
- [Prelude](https://github.com/robrix/Prelude) - Swift µframework of simple functional programming tools.
- [Swift Protobuf](https://github.com/apple/swift-protobuf) - Plugin and runtime library for using protobuf with Swift.
- [KZFileWatchers](https://github.com/krzysztofzablocki/KZFileWatchers) - Micro-framework for observing file changes, both local and remote. Helpful in building developer tools.
- [SkeletonView](https://github.com/Juanpe/SkeletonView) - Elegant way to show users that something is happening and also prepare them to which contents he is waiting.
- [DDMathParser](https://github.com/davedelong/DDMathParser) - String → Number.
- [Chatto](https://github.com/badoo/Chatto) - Lightweight framework to build chat applications, made in Swift.
- [Defaults](https://github.com/sindresorhus/Defaults) - Swifty and modern UserDefaults.
- [Rocket](https://github.com/shibapm/Rocket) - Swift CLI release tool for Git repos and Swift Packages.
- [Carbon](https://github.com/ra1028/Carbon) - Declarative library for building component-based user interfaces in UITableView and UICollectionView.
- [Surge](https://github.com/Jounce/Surge) - Swift library that uses the Accelerate framework to provide high-performance functions for matrix math, digital signal processing, and image manipulation.
- [PostgresNio](https://github.com/vapor/postgres-nio) - Non-blocking, event-driven Swift client for PostgreSQL.
- [Swift Numerics](https://github.com/apple/swift-numerics) - Provides a set of modules that support numerical computing in Swift. ([Article](https://swift.org/blog/numerics/)) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21477490))
- [AtomicKit](https://github.com/macmade/AtomicKit) - Concurrency made simple in Swift.
- [ConsoleKit](https://github.com/vapor/console-kit) - APIs for creating interactive CLI tools.
- [Ink](https://github.com/JohnSundell/Ink) - Fast and flexible Markdown parser written in Swift.
- [SwiftPlot](https://github.com/KarthikRIyer/swiftplot) - Swift library for Data Visualization.
- [AsyncHTTPClient](https://github.com/swift-server/async-http-client) - HTTP client library built on SwiftNIO.
- [Yaap](https://github.com/hartbit/Yaap) - Yet Another (Swift) Argument Parser.
- [Puma](https://github.com/pumaswift/Puma) - Set of build utilities to automate mobile application development and deployment.
- [Disk](https://github.com/saoudrizwan/Disk) - Delightful framework for iOS to easily persist structs, images, and data.
- [VectorMath](https://github.com/nicklockwood/VectorMath) - Swift library for Mac and iOS that implements common 2D and 3D vector and matrix functions, useful for games or vector-based graphics.
- [Alley](https://github.com/radianttap/Alley) - Essential `URLSessionDataTask` micro-wrapper for communication with HTTP(S) web services, with built-in automatic request retries.
- [Deferred](https://github.com/bignerdranch/Deferred) - Work with values that haven't been determined yet.
- [FSEvents](https://github.com/eonil/FSEvents) - Unofficial wrapper around FSEvent tailored for Swift 5.
- [Diagnostics](https://github.com/WeTransfer/Diagnostics) - Allow users to easily share Diagnostics with your support team to improve the flow of fixing bugs.
- [SwiftCLI](https://github.com/jakeheis/SwiftCLI) - Powerful framework for developing CLIs in Swift.
- [KeyboardKit](https://github.com/douglashill/KeyboardKit) - Framework to help iOS and Mac Catalyst apps support being controlled using a hardware keyboard.
- [FastDiff](https://github.com/kandelvijaya/FastDiff) - General purpose diffing library with parent/children n-level diffing.
- [Keychain Swift](https://github.com/evgenyneu/keychain-swift) - Helper functions for saving text in Keychain securely for iOS, OS X, tvOS and watchOS.
- [GradientLoadingBar](https://github.com/fxm90/GradientLoadingBar) - Customizable animated gradient loading bar.
- [Verge](https://github.com/muukii/Verge) - Flux pattern for iOS + Swift (UIKit/SwiftUI).
- [ExceptionCatcher](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ExceptionCatcher) - Catch Objective-C exceptions in Swift.
- [Euclid](https://github.com/nicklockwood/Euclid) - Swift library for creating and manipulating 3D geometry.
- [MKRingProgressView](https://github.com/maxkonovalov/MKRingProgressView) - Ring progress view similar to Activity app on Apple Watch.
- [Pusher Channels Swift Client](https://github.com/pusher/pusher-websocket-swift) - Pusher Channels websocket library for Swift.
- [SwiftGraph](https://github.com/davecom/SwiftGraph) - Graph Data Structure in Pure Swift.
- [SwiftPriorityQueue](https://github.com/davecom/SwiftPriorityQueue) - Generic Priority Queue in Pure Swift.
- [BetterCodable](https://github.com/marksands/BetterCodable) - Better Codable through Property Wrappers.
- [RouteComposer](https://github.com/ekazaev/route-composer) - Protocol oriented, Cocoa UI abstractions based library that helps to handle view controllers composition, navigation and deep linking tasks in the iOS application.
- [CoreStore](https://github.com/JohnEstropia/CoreStore) - Unleashing the real power of Core Data with the elegance and safety of Swift.
- [Version](https://github.com/mxcl/Version) - Semver (Semantic Version) Swift µFramework.
- [AXSwift](https://github.com/tmandry/AXSwift) - Swift wrapper for accessibility clients.
- [Path.swift](https://github.com/mxcl/Path.swift) - Delightful, robust, cross-platform and chainable file-pathing functions.
- [SwiftCoroutine](https://github.com/belozierov/SwiftCoroutine) - Swift coroutines for iOS and macOS.
- [Fields](https://github.com/radianttap/Fields) - Good, solid base to build custom forms in iOS apps, using self-sizing UICVLayout.
- [InfiniteCarousel](https://github.com/filletofish/InfiniteCarousel) - Infinite Carousel Collection View.
- [LLVMSwift](https://github.com/llvm-swift/LLVMSwift) - Swift wrapper for the LLVM C API.
- [ClangSwift](https://github.com/llvm-swift/ClangSwift) - Swift wrapper for the libclang C API.
- [JWTDecode](https://github.com/auth0/JWTDecode.swift) - Library to help you decode JWTs in Swift.
- [Shout](https://github.com/jakeheis/Shout) - SSH made easy in Swift.
- [Predicate.swift](https://github.com/ollieatkinson/Predicate.swift) - Small addition to Swift adding predicate matchers for filtering operators using KeyPaths, it just feels natural.
- [URLFormat](https://github.com/ilyapuchka/URLFormat) - Type safe url pattern matching without regular expressions and arguments type mismatches based on parser combinators.
- [EmptyStateKit](https://github.com/alberdev/EmptyStateKit) - Beautiful, animated & fully customizable empty state view. A great way to engage and keep users whenever the view has no content to display.
- [FluentKit](https://github.com/vapor/fluent-kit) - Swift ORM framework (queries, models, and relations) for building NoSQL and SQL database integrations.
- [SwiftCssParser](https://github.com/100mango/SwiftCssParser) - Powerful , Extensible CSS Parser written in pure Swift.
- [Standard Library Preview](https://github.com/apple/swift-standard-library-preview) - Provides access to new functionality that has been accepted into the standard library through the Swift Evolution process.
- [KeyedCodable](https://github.com/dgrzeszczak/KeyedCodable) - Addition to swift's Codable and it's designed for automatic nested key mappings.
- [Regex](https://github.com/kean/Regex) - Open source regex engine.
- [Future](https://github.com/kean/Future) - Streamlined Future<Value, Error> implementation.
- [Nuke](https://github.com/kean/Nuke) - Powerful image loading and caching system.
- [SwiftyUtils](https://github.com/tbaranes/SwiftyUtils) - All the reusable code that we need in each project.
- [Result](https://github.com/antitypical/Result) - Swift type modelling the success/failure of arbitrary operations.

## Links

- [SwiftPM Library](https://swiftpm.co/) - Place to find packages for Swift. ([Code](https://github.com/daveverwer/SwiftPMLibrary))
- [Ice](https://github.com/jakeheis/Ice) - Developer friendly package manager for Swift; 100% compatible with Swift Package Manager.

Commit message:

arkit bioinformatics llvm svg databases fonts css-in-js cpu firmware pytorch lean math real-analysis github kubernetes other dhall go-libraries js-libraries react-components react-native rust-libraries swift-libraries swift security vim tools nodejs search-engines web-performance interviews

programming-languages/swift/swift-libraries/swift-libraries.md, after:

# Swift libraries

## CLI

- [Brisk](https://github.com/twostraws/Brisk) - Proof of concept scripting library for Swift.

## Animation

- [Anim](https://github.com/onurersel/anim#readme) - Swift animation library for iOS, tvOS and macOS.

## Networking

- [Alomofire](https://github.com/Alamofire/Alamofire) - Elegant HTTP Networking.
- [APIKit](https://github.com/ishkawa/APIKit) - Type-safe networking abstraction layer that associates request type with response type.

## iOS

- [Permission](https://github.com/delba/Permission) - Exposes a unified API to request permissions on iOS.
- [SPStorkController](https://github.com/IvanVorobei/SPStorkController) - Modal controller as in mail or Apple music application.
- [SPPermission](https://github.com/IvanVorobei/SPPermission) - Simple request permission with native UI and interactive animation.
- [PanModal](https://github.com/slackhq/PanModal) - Elegant and highly customizable presentation API for constructing bottom sheet modals on iOS.
- [SwiftCharts](https://github.com/i-schuetz/SwiftCharts) - Easy to use and highly customizable charts library for iOS.
- [SwiftEntryKit](https://github.com/huri000/SwiftEntryKit) - Banner presenter library for iOS.
- [Sizes](https://github.com/marcosgriselli/Sizes) - View your app on different device and font sizes.
- [MagazineLayout](https://github.com/airbnb/MagazineLayout) - Collection view layout capable of laying out views in vertically scrolling grids and lists.
- [Stevia](https://github.com/freshOS/Stevia) - View Layout library for iOS.
- [ContextMenu](https://github.com/GitHawkApp/ContextMenu) - iOS context menu UI inspired by Things 3.
- [PresenterKit](https://github.com/jessesquires/PresenterKit) - Swifty view controller presentation for iOS.
- [OnboardingKit](https://github.com/Athlee/OnboardingKit) - Simple and interactive framework for making iOS onboarding experience easy and fun.
- [Stagehand](https://github.com/cashapp/stagehand) - Modern, type-safe API for building animations on iOS.
- [iOS Security Suite](https://github.com/securing/IOSSecuritySuite) - Advanced and easy-to-use platform security & anti-tampering library written in pure Swift.
- [OnboardKit](https://github.com/NikolaKirev/OnboardKit) - Customizable user onboarding for your UIKit app in Swift.
- [JTAppleCalendar](https://github.com/patchthecode/JTAppleCalendar) - Unofficial Apple iOS Swift Calendar View. Swift calendar Library. iOS calendar Control. 100% Customizable.
- [SFSymbolsSafe](https://github.com/cezarywojcik/SFSymbolsSafe) - Safe way to use SF Symbols.

## Web

- [Vapor](https://github.com/vapor/vapor) - Server-side Swift web framework.

## SwiftUI

- [QGrid](https://github.com/Q-Mobile/QGrid) - Missing SwiftUI collection view.
- [PullToRefresh](https://github.com/noppefoxwolf/PullToRefresh) - Can add refresh control and perform action your SwiftUI list.
- [Swift Sunburst Diagram](https://github.com/lludo/SwiftSunburstDiagram) - Easily render diagrams given a tree of objects.
- [ChartView](https://github.com/AppPear/ChartView) - Swift package for displaying charts effortlessly.
- [URLImage](https://github.com/dmytro-anokhin/url-image) - Asynchronous image loading in SwiftUI. SwiftUI Image view that displays an image downloaded from URL, with cache and filters.
- [SwiftUI Router](https://github.com/frzi/SwiftUIRouter) - Routing in SwiftUI.
- [Graphaello](https://github.com/nerdsupremacist/Graphaello) - Tool for Writing Declarative, Type-Safe and Data-Driven Applications in SwiftUI using GraphQL.

## macOS

- [LaunchAtLogin](https://github.com/sindresorhus/LaunchAtLogin) - Add "Launch at Login" functionality to your macOS app in seconds.
- [Preferences](https://github.com/sindresorhus/Preferences) - Add a preferences window to your macOS app in minutes.
- [FileWatcher](https://github.com/eonist/FileWatcher) - Monitoring file system changes in macOS.

## API

- [SwiftTwitch](https://github.com/Chris-Perkins/SwiftTwitch) - Library intended for client-facing applications interaction with the New Twitch API, Helix.
- [SlackKit](https://github.com/pvzig/SlackKit) - Build Slack apps, in Swift.

## ML

- [Swift for TensorFlow APIs](https://github.com/tensorflow/swift-apis)

## Other

- [Runtime](https://github.com/wickwirew/Runtime) - Swift Runtime library for viewing type info, and the dynamic getting and setting of properties.
- [MerchantKit](https://github.com/benjaminmayo/merchantkit) - Modern In-App Purchases management framework for iOS.
- [Swift tagged](https://github.com/pointfreeco/swift-tagged) - Library for safer types.
- [Login Critter](https://github.com/cgoldsby/LoginCritter) - Animated avatar that responds to text field interactions.
- [Pixel](https://github.com/muukii/Pixel) - Image editor and engine using CoreImage.
- [FlexibleImage](https://github.com/kawoou/FlexibleImage) - Simple way to play with the image.
- [Reqres](https://github.com/AckeeCZ/Reqres) - Simple network activity logger for iOS.
- [ObjectBox Swift](https://github.com/objectbox/objectbox-swift) - Persisting your Swift objects superfast and simple.
- [set-simulator-location](https://github.com/lyft/set-sinmulator-location) - CLI for setting location in the iOS simulator.
- [OrederedSet](https://github.com/Weebly/OrderedSet) - Swift collection of unique, ordered objects.
- [Apollo iOS](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-ios) - Strongly-typed, caching GraphQL client for iOS, written in Swift.
- [Charts](https://github.com/danielgindi/Charts) - Beautiful charts for iOS/tvOS/OSX! The Apple side of the crossplatform MPAndroidChart.
- [Connectivity](https://github.com/rwbutler/Connectivity) - Makes Internet connectivity detection more robust by detecting Wi-Fi networks without Internet access.
- [Sublimate](https://github.com/gabrielepalma/sublimate) - Ridiculously fast full stack Swift prototyping with Vapor and Sourcery.
- [Sourcery](https://github.com/krzysztofzablocki/Sourcery) - Meta-programming for Swift, stop writing boilerplate code.
- [Aiolos](https://github.com/IdeasOnCanvas/Aiolos) - Floating panel for your iOS Apps.
- [ShellOut](https://github.com/JohnSundell/ShellOut) - Easily run shell commands from a Swift script or command line tool.
- [BlueSocket](https://github.com/IBM-Swift/BlueSocket) - Socket framework for Swift using the Swift Package Manager.
- [GraphQL](https://github.com/GraphQLSwift/GraphQL) - Swift GraphQL implementation for macOS and Linux.
- [Regular Expression Decoder](https://github.com/Flight-School/RegularExpressionDecoder)
- [CLISpinner](https://github.com/kiliankoe/CLISpinner) - 60+ spinners for use in the terminal.
- [Tokamak](https://github.com/MaxDesiatov/Tokamak) - React-like framework for native UI written in pure Swift.
- [Render](https://github.com/alexdrone/Render) - Swift and UIKit a la React.
- [SwiftLint](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint) - Tool to enforce Swift style and conventions, loosely based on GitHub's Swift Style Guide.
- [LayoutKit](https://github.com/linkedin/LayoutKit) - Fast view layout library for iOS, macOS, and tvOS.
- [SwiftCheck](https://github.com/typelift/SwiftCheck) - QuickCheck for Swift.
- [Highlightr](https://github.com/raspu/Highlightr) - iOS & OSX Syntax Highlighter.
- [Loaf](https://github.com/schmidyy/Loaf) - Swifty Framework for Easy iOS Toasts.
- [ImageTransition](https://github.com/shtnkgm/ImageTransition) - Library for smooth animation of images during transitions.
- [Mockingjay](https://github.com/kylef/Mockingjay) - Elegant library for stubbing HTTP requests with ease in Swift.
- [Mobius](https://github.com/spotify/Mobius.swift) - Functional reactive framework for managing state evolution and side-effects.
- [Table and Collection view data sources](https://github.com/RxSwiftCommunity/RxDataSources)
- [swift-log](https://github.com/apple/swift-log) - Logging API package for Swift 5.
- [FeedKit](https://github.com/nmdias/FeedKit) - RSS, Atom and JSON Feed parser written in Swift.
- [DefaultsKit](https://github.com/nmdias/DefaultsKit) - Simple, Strongly Typed UserDefaults for iOS, macOS and tvOS.
- [Nimble](https://github.com/Quick/Nimble) - Express the expected outcomes of Swift or Objective-C expressions.
- [Schedule](https://github.com/jianstm/Schedule) - Lightweight timed task scheduler for Swift. (A modern alternative to Timer).
- [HandySwift](https://github.com/Flinesoft/HandySwift) - Goal of this library is to provide handy features that didn't make it to the Swift standard library (yet) due to many different reasons.
- [Ease](https://github.com/roberthein/Ease) - Event driven animation system that combines the observer pattern with custom spring animations as observers.
- [Proposer](https://github.com/nixzhu/Proposer) - Provides a single API to request permission for access Camera, Photos, Microphone, Contacts, Reminders, Calendar, Location or Notifications.
- [Codextended](https://github.com/JohnSundell/Codextended) - Suite of extensions that aims to make Swift’s Codable API easier to use by giving it type inference-powered capabilities and conveniences.
- [Valet](https://github.com/square/Valet) - Lets you securely store data in the iOS, tvOS, watchOS, or macOS Keychain without knowing a thing about how the Keychain works.
- [FillableLoaders](https://github.com/polqf/FillableLoaders) - Completely customizable progress based loaders drawn using custom CGPaths.
- [SwiftMetrics](https://github.com/apple/swift-metrics) - Metrics API package for Swift.
- [Zephyr](https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/Zephyr) - Effortlessly synchronize UserDefaults over iCloud.
- [Sweep](https://github.com/JohnSundell/Sweep) - Fast and powerful Swift string scanning made simple.
- [KeyboardLayoutGuide](https://github.com/freshOS/KeyboardLayoutGuide) - Apple's missing KeyboardLayoutGuide.
- [IkigaJSON](https://github.com/Ikiga/IkigaJSON) - High performance JSON library in Swift.
- [ReSwift](https://github.com/ReSwift/ReSwift) - Unidirectional Data Flow in Swift - Inspired by Redux.
- [Kingfisher](https://github.com/onevcat/Kingfisher) - Lightweight, pure-Swift library for downloading and caching images from the web.
- [Blueprints](https://github.com/zenangst/Blueprints) - Framework that is meant to make your life easier when working with collection view flow layouts.
- [SPAlert](https://github.com/IvanVorobei/SPAlert) - Native popup from Apple Music & Feedback in AppStore. Contains Done & Heart presets.
- [Moya](https://github.com/moya/moya) - Network abstraction layer written in Swift.
- [Pulley](https://github.com/52inc/Pulley) - Library to imitate the iOS 10 Maps UI.
- [Cache](https://github.com/hyperoslo/Cache) - Nothing but Cache.
- [Stencil](https://github.com/stencilproject/Stencil) - Simple and powerful template language for Swift.
- [Prelude](https://github.com/robrix/Prelude) - Swift µframework of simple functional programming tools.
- [Swift Protobuf](https://github.com/apple/swift-protobuf) - Plugin and runtime library for using protobuf with Swift.
- [KZFileWatchers](https://github.com/krzysztofzablocki/KZFileWatchers) - Micro-framework for observing file changes, both local and remote. Helpful in building developer tools.
- [SkeletonView](https://github.com/Juanpe/SkeletonView) - Elegant way to show users that something is happening and also prepare them to which contents he is waiting.
- [DDMathParser](https://github.com/davedelong/DDMathParser) - String → Number.
- [Chatto](https://github.com/badoo/Chatto) - Lightweight framework to build chat applications, made in Swift.
- [Defaults](https://github.com/sindresorhus/Defaults) - Swifty and modern UserDefaults.
- [Rocket](https://github.com/shibapm/Rocket) - Swift CLI release tool for Git repos and Swift Packages.
- [Carbon](https://github.com/ra1028/Carbon) - Declarative library for building component-based user interfaces in UITableView and UICollectionView.
- [Surge](https://github.com/Jounce/Surge) - Swift library that uses the Accelerate framework to provide high-performance functions for matrix math, digital signal processing, and image manipulation.
- [PostgresNio](https://github.com/vapor/postgres-nio) - Non-blocking, event-driven Swift client for PostgreSQL.
- [Swift Numerics](https://github.com/apple/swift-numerics) - Provides a set of modules that support numerical computing in Swift. ([Article](https://swift.org/blog/numerics/)) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21477490))
- [AtomicKit](https://github.com/macmade/AtomicKit) - Concurrency made simple in Swift.
- [ConsoleKit](https://github.com/vapor/console-kit) - APIs for creating interactive CLI tools.
- [Ink](https://github.com/JohnSundell/Ink) - Fast and flexible Markdown parser written in Swift.
- [SwiftPlot](https://github.com/KarthikRIyer/swiftplot) - Swift library for Data Visualization.
- [AsyncHTTPClient](https://github.com/swift-server/async-http-client) - HTTP client library built on SwiftNIO.
- [Yaap](https://github.com/hartbit/Yaap) - Yet Another (Swift) Argument Parser.
- [Puma](https://github.com/pumaswift/Puma) - Set of build utilities to automate mobile application development and deployment.
- [Disk](https://github.com/saoudrizwan/Disk) - Delightful framework for iOS to easily persist structs, images, and data.
- [VectorMath](https://github.com/nicklockwood/VectorMath) - Swift library for Mac and iOS that implements common 2D and 3D vector and matrix functions, useful for games or vector-based graphics.
- [Alley](https://github.com/radianttap/Alley) - Essential `URLSessionDataTask` micro-wrapper for communication with HTTP(S) web services, with built-in automatic request retries.
- [Deferred](https://github.com/bignerdranch/Deferred) - Work with values that haven't been determined yet.
- [FSEvents](https://github.com/eonil/FSEvents) - Unofficial wrapper around FSEvent tailored for Swift 5.
- [Diagnostics](https://github.com/WeTransfer/Diagnostics) - Allow users to easily share Diagnostics with your support team to improve the flow of fixing bugs.
- [SwiftCLI](https://github.com/jakeheis/SwiftCLI) - Powerful framework for developing CLIs in Swift.
- [KeyboardKit](https://github.com/douglashill/KeyboardKit) - Framework to help iOS and Mac Catalyst apps support being controlled using a hardware keyboard.
- [FastDiff](https://github.com/kandelvijaya/FastDiff) - General purpose diffing library with parent/children n-level diffing.
- [Keychain Swift](https://github.com/evgenyneu/keychain-swift) - Helper functions for saving text in Keychain securely for iOS, OS X, tvOS and watchOS.
- [GradientLoadingBar](https://github.com/fxm90/GradientLoadingBar) - Customizable animated gradient loading bar.
- [Verge](https://github.com/muukii/Verge) - Flux pattern for iOS + Swift (UIKit/SwiftUI).
- [ExceptionCatcher](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ExceptionCatcher) - Catch Objective-C exceptions in Swift.
- [Euclid](https://github.com/nicklockwood/Euclid) - Swift library for creating and manipulating 3D geometry.
- [MKRingProgressView](https://github.com/maxkonovalov/MKRingProgressView) - Ring progress view similar to Activity app on Apple Watch.
- [Pusher Channels Swift Client](https://github.com/pusher/pusher-websocket-swift) - Pusher Channels websocket library for Swift.
- [SwiftGraph](https://github.com/davecom/SwiftGraph) - Graph Data Structure in Pure Swift.
- [SwiftPriorityQueue](https://github.com/davecom/SwiftPriorityQueue) - Generic Priority Queue in Pure Swift.
- [BetterCodable](https://github.com/marksands/BetterCodable) - Better Codable through Property Wrappers.
- [RouteComposer](https://github.com/ekazaev/route-composer) - Protocol oriented, Cocoa UI abstractions based library that helps to handle view controllers composition, navigation and deep linking tasks in the iOS application.
- [CoreStore](https://github.com/JohnEstropia/CoreStore) - Unleashing the real power of Core Data with the elegance and safety of Swift.
- [Version](https://github.com/mxcl/Version) - Semver (Semantic Version) Swift µFramework.
- [AXSwift](https://github.com/tmandry/AXSwift) - Swift wrapper for accessibility clients.
- [Path.swift](https://github.com/mxcl/Path.swift) - Delightful, robust, cross-platform and chainable file-pathing functions.
- [SwiftCoroutine](https://github.com/belozierov/SwiftCoroutine) - Swift coroutines for iOS and macOS.
- [Fields](https://github.com/radianttap/Fields) - Good, solid base to build custom forms in iOS apps, using self-sizing UICVLayout.
- [InfiniteCarousel](https://github.com/filletofish/InfiniteCarousel) - Infinite Carousel Collection View.
- [LLVMSwift](https://github.com/llvm-swift/LLVMSwift) - Swift wrapper for the LLVM C API.
- [ClangSwift](https://github.com/llvm-swift/ClangSwift) - Swift wrapper for the libclang C API.
- [JWTDecode](https://github.com/auth0/JWTDecode.swift) - Library to help you decode JWTs in Swift.
- [Shout](https://github.com/jakeheis/Shout) - SSH made easy in Swift.
- [Predicate.swift](https://github.com/ollieatkinson/Predicate.swift) - Small addition to Swift adding predicate matchers for filtering operators using KeyPaths, it just feels natural.
- [URLFormat](https://github.com/ilyapuchka/URLFormat) - Type safe url pattern matching without regular expressions and arguments type mismatches based on parser combinators.
- [EmptyStateKit](https://github.com/alberdev/EmptyStateKit) - Beautiful, animated & fully customizable empty state view. A great way to engage and keep users whenever the view has no content to display.
- [FluentKit](https://github.com/vapor/fluent-kit) - Swift ORM framework (queries, models, and relations) for building NoSQL and SQL database integrations.
- [SwiftCssParser](https://github.com/100mango/SwiftCssParser) - Powerful , Extensible CSS Parser written in pure Swift.
- [Standard Library Preview](https://github.com/apple/swift-standard-library-preview) - Provides access to new functionality that has been accepted into the standard library through the Swift Evolution process.
- [KeyedCodable](https://github.com/dgrzeszczak/KeyedCodable) - Addition to swift's Codable and it's designed for automatic nested key mappings.
- [Regex](https://github.com/kean/Regex) - Open source regex engine.
- [Future](https://github.com/kean/Future) - Streamlined Future<Value, Error> implementation.
- [Nuke](https://github.com/kean/Nuke) - Powerful image loading and caching system.
- [SwiftyUtils](https://github.com/tbaranes/SwiftyUtils) - All the reusable code that we need in each project.
- [Result](https://github.com/antitypical/Result) - Swift type modelling the success/failure of arbitrary operations.
- [DefaultCodable](https://github.com/gonzalezreal/DefaultCodable) - Convenient way to handle default values with Swift Codable types.
- [PSOperations](https://github.com/pluralsight/PSOperations) - Framework that leverages the power of NSOperation and NSOperationQueue.

## Links

- [SwiftPM Library](https://swiftpm.co/) - Place to find packages for Swift. ([Code](https://github.com/daveverwer/SwiftPMLibrary))
- [Ice](https://github.com/jakeheis/Ice) - Developer friendly package manager for Swift; 100% compatible with Swift Package Manager.
