text-editors/text-editors.md, before:

# Text editors

Vim, Sublime Text and VS code are my favorite editors.

Vim for its text editing and the _vim language_ and VS code for giving me the best of both worlds. The awesome [Vim plugin](https://github.com/VSCodeVim/Vim) and the amazing IDE like features. And Sublime Text for its speed and the awesome [vim emulation](https://github.com/guillermooo/Six).

## Interesting editors

- [Xi Editor](https://github.com/google/xi-mac) - macOS client for Xi text editing backend.
- [Oni](htOtps://github.com/onivim/oni) - Modern Modal Editing - powered by Neovim.
- [CodeMirror](http://codemirror.net/) - In-browser code editor.
- [Awesome Online IDE](https://github.com/styfle/awesome-online-ide#readme)
- [Iota](https://github.com/gchp/iota) - Terminal-based text editor written in Rust.
- [SubEthaEdit](https://github.com/subethaedit/SubEthaEdit) - General purpose plain text editor for macOS. Widely known for its live collaboration feature.
- [Kakoune](https://github.com/mawww/kakoune) - Code editor that implements Vi’s "keystrokes as a text editing language" model. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19313794))
  - [kak-lsp](https://github.com/ul/kak-lsp) - Kakoune Language Server Protocol Client.
- [Lamdu](https://github.com/lamdu/lamdu) - Aims to create a next-generation, live programming environment that radically improves the programming experience.

## Web

- [ProseMirror](https://prosemirror.net/) - Toolkit for building rich-text editors on the web.
- [Remirror](https://github.com/ifiokjr/remirror) - Universal react text editor built with prosemirror.
- [draft.js](https://github.com/facebook/draft-js) - React framework for building text editors.

## Links

- [ycmd](https://github.com/Valloric/ycmd) - Code-completion & comprehension server.
- [Open source collaborative text editors (2019)](https://juretriglav.si/open-source-collaborative-text-editors/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19845776))
- [Vixi](https://github.com/Peltoche/vixi) - A vim like client for the xi backend.

Commit message:

SUMMARY analytics api webgl data-visualization redis design-inspiration figma css-flexbox neural-networks graph-theory math music-artists authentication graphql http vpn linux cpp go-libraries js-libraries react swift-libraries robots emacs-packages emacs text-editors vs-code-extensions zsh-plugins nodejs

text-editors/text-editors.md, after:

# Text editors

Vim, Sublime Text and VS code are my favorite editors.

Vim for its text editing and the _vim language_ and VS code for giving me the best of both worlds. The awesome [Vim plugin](https://github.com/VSCodeVim/Vim) and the amazing IDE like features. And Sublime Text for its speed and the awesome [vim emulation](https://github.com/guillermooo/Six).

## Interesting editors

- [Xi Editor](https://github.com/google/xi-mac) - macOS client for Xi text editing backend.
- [Oni](htOtps://github.com/onivim/oni) - Modern Modal Editing - powered by Neovim.
- [CodeMirror](http://codemirror.net/) - In-browser code editor.
- [Awesome Online IDE](https://github.com/styfle/awesome-online-ide#readme)
- [Iota](https://github.com/gchp/iota) - Terminal-based text editor written in Rust.
- [SubEthaEdit](https://github.com/subethaedit/SubEthaEdit) - General purpose plain text editor for macOS. Widely known for its live collaboration feature.
- [Kakoune](https://github.com/mawww/kakoune) - Code editor that implements Vi’s "keystrokes as a text editing language" model. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19313794))
  - [kak-lsp](https://github.com/ul/kak-lsp) - Kakoune Language Server Protocol Client.
- [Lamdu](https://github.com/lamdu/lamdu) - Aims to create a next-generation, live programming environment that radically improves the programming experience.
- [Kibi](https://github.com/ilai-deutel/kibi) - Text editor in ≤1024 lines of code, written in Rust.

## Web

- [ProseMirror](https://prosemirror.net/) - Toolkit for building rich-text editors on the web.
- [Remirror](https://github.com/ifiokjr/remirror) - Universal react text editor built with prosemirror.
- [draft.js](https://github.com/facebook/draft-js) - React framework for building text editors.

## Links

- [ycmd](https://github.com/Valloric/ycmd) - Code-completion & comprehension server.
- [Open source collaborative text editors (2019)](https://juretriglav.si/open-source-collaborative-text-editors/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19845776))
- [Vixi](https://github.com/Peltoche/vixi) - A vim like client for the xi backend.
