health/health.md, before:

# Health

I try to maximize my [happiness](../life/happiness.md) and quality of life through proper [nutrition](nutrition/nutrition.md), [exercise](../fitness/fitness.md) and stress free outlook on life with [mindfulness](../mindfulness/mindfulness.md).

Here are some things I am trying to improve with my health right now.

- [Nutrition](nutrition/nutrition.md) - I eat a whole food plant based diet and take [few supplements](nutrition/supplements.md).
- [Mindfulness](../mindfulness/mindfulness.md) - Stress [shortens telomeres](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12114022). Practicing [mindfulness](../mindfulness/mindfulness.md) helps greatly in maintaining a healthy and stress free outlook on life.
- [Proper sleep](../sleep/sleep.md) - I try go to sleep at ~ 23:00 and wake up without alarm getting as much sleep as my body needs.
- [Exercise](../fitness/fitness.md) - I start every morning with some exercise.
- Dental care - Brushing my teeth every morning and evening as well as flossing it few times throughout the day.
- [Skin care](skin-care.md) - Clean & moisturize my skin every morning and evening & applying occasional face masks.
- [Ergonomics](ergonomics.md) - Properly sitting, standing and keeping good posture throughout the day. Never slouching my back and sitting at one spot for too long.

## Notes

- [Great comment on staying healthy](https://www.reddit.com/r/longevity/comments/7hwgo7/for_people_in_their_young_or_middle_ages_now_who/).

## Links

- [Second Life: Rethinking Myself Through Exercise, Mindfulness, and Gratitude](https://www.macstories.net/stories/second-life/)
- [Dr Rhonda Patrick How Your Diet, Exercise, and Even Hyperthermic Conditioning Can Change the Expression of Genes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjgMzS5b_QM)
- [3 simple habits that can protect your brain from cognitive decline (2019)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90303904/3-tips-to-slowing-down-cognitive-decline) - Exercise, IF, sleep.
- [Curated awesome health content for desk workers](https://github.com/evexoio/awesome-health#readme)
- [Roman](https://www.getroman.com/) - Digital health clinic for men.
- [CarbonHealth](https://carbonhealth.com/) - Modern clinics. Smart, hassle-free care.
- [Stress in Biomedical Research: Six Impossible Things (2010)](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1097276510007835)
- [HN: How are you managing stress? (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22616143)
- [Rising CO2 Levels May Trigger Cognitive Impairment (2020)](https://sparkonit.com/2020/04/30/rising-co2-levels-may-trigger-cognitive-impairment/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23155937))
- [AWAIR Element](https://getawair.com/) - Cutting-edge air quality technology in a simple and affordable package.

Commit message:

SUMMARY furniture biology blender strength-training health nutrition other

health/health.md, after:

# Health

I try to maximize my [happiness](../life/happiness.md) and quality of life through proper [nutrition](nutrition/nutrition.md), [exercise](../fitness/fitness.md) and stress free outlook on life with [mindfulness](../mindfulness/mindfulness.md).

Here are some things I am trying to improve with my health right now.

- [Nutrition](nutrition/nutrition.md) - I eat a whole food plant based diet and take [few supplements](nutrition/supplements.md).
- [Mindfulness](../mindfulness/mindfulness.md) - Stress [shortens telomeres](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12114022). Practicing [mindfulness](../mindfulness/mindfulness.md) helps greatly in maintaining a healthy and stress free outlook on life.
- [Proper sleep](../sleep/sleep.md) - I try go to sleep at ~ 23:00 and wake up without alarm getting as much sleep as my body needs.
- [Exercise](../fitness/fitness.md) - I start every morning with some exercise.
- Dental care - Brushing my teeth every morning and evening as well as flossing it few times throughout the day.
- [Skin care](skin-care.md) - Clean & moisturize my skin every morning and evening & applying occasional face masks.
- [Ergonomics](ergonomics.md) - Properly sitting, standing and keeping good posture throughout the day. Never slouching my back and sitting at one spot for too long.

## Notes

- [Great comment on staying healthy](https://www.reddit.com/r/longevity/comments/7hwgo7/for_people_in_their_young_or_middle_ages_now_who/).

## Links

- [Second Life: Rethinking Myself Through Exercise, Mindfulness, and Gratitude](https://www.macstories.net/stories/second-life/)
- [Dr Rhonda Patrick How Your Diet, Exercise, and Even Hyperthermic Conditioning Can Change the Expression of Genes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjgMzS5b_QM)
- [3 simple habits that can protect your brain from cognitive decline (2019)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90303904/3-tips-to-slowing-down-cognitive-decline) - Exercise, IF, sleep.
- [Curated awesome health content for desk workers](https://github.com/evexoio/awesome-health#readme)
- [Roman](https://www.getroman.com/) - Digital health clinic for men.
- [CarbonHealth](https://carbonhealth.com/) - Modern clinics. Smart, hassle-free care.
- [Stress in Biomedical Research: Six Impossible Things (2010)](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1097276510007835)
- [HN: How are you managing stress? (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22616143)
- [Rising CO2 Levels May Trigger Cognitive Impairment (2020)](https://sparkonit.com/2020/04/30/rising-co2-levels-may-trigger-cognitive-impairment/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23155937))
- [AWAIR](https://www.getawair.com) - Smart device that helps you track and improve your air and shows how the indoor environment affects your health.
- [AWAIR Element](https://www.getawair.com/home/element) - Cutting-edge air quality technology in a simple and affordable package.
