keyboards/keyboards.md, before:

# Keyboards

I love keyboards. Specifically I love remapping them with [Karabiner](../macOS/apps/karabiner/karabiner.md) to extend them to do more awesome things for me.

I am currently using builtin 2018 MacBook keyboard and love it. I love the low key travel as I get tired typing on most mechanical keyboards. The only thing I would change from that keyboard would be split space key into two keys for more remapping awesomeness.

## Notes

- Gateron Browns low key travel mech switches maybe are nice. Need something low key travel ala macbook.

## Interesting keyboards

- [Keyboardio](https://shop.keyboard.io)
- [42](https://github.com/nglgzz/42) - Custom keyboard built by [Angelo](https://github.com/nglgzz).
- [Preonic](https://olkb.com/preonic/hi-pro-wooden-milled-bottom) - Beautiful keyboard.
- [Preonic Light](https://www.massdrop.com/buy/massdrop-x-olkb-planck-light-mechanical-keyboard) - IMO better than Preonic. Would be even nicer with Kailh switches & it being wireless.
- [Dactyl Keyboard](https://github.com/adereth/dactyl-keyboard) - Parameterized ergonomic keyboard.
- [Corne keyboard](https://github.com/foostan/crkbd) - Split keyboard with 3x6 column staggered keys and 3 thumb keys. ([Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/a4hp9e/corne_chocolatehotswappable_crkbd_for_chocolate/))
- [Redox](https://github.com/mattdibi/redox-keyboard) - Ergonomic split mechanical keyboard.
- [Helix](https://github.com/MakotoKurauchi/helix) - Compact split ortholinear keyboard.
- [Lily58](https://github.com/kata0510/Lily58) - 6×4+4keys column-staggered split keyboard.

## Interesting keycaps

- [Kailh Low Profile Keycaps - Blank](https://novelkeys.xyz/collections/keycaps/products/kailh-low-profile-keycaps-blank?variant=3747977101352) - Low key & awesome.

## Links

- [Keyboard PCB Guide](https://github.com/ruiqimao/keyboard-pcb-guide)
- [Cookes and cream Ergodox](https://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/8h94fq/cookies_and_cream_ergodox/) - Neat setup.
- [Multi-purpose keys, and a case for small keyboards](https://asylum.madhouse-project.org/blog/2016/10/15/multi-purpose-keys/)
- [clojure.core/typing - Matt Adereth](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk3A41U0iO4) - Modeling and 3D printing a keyboard.
- [Building Keyboards](https://alastairreid.github.io/building-keyboards/)
- [What keyboards do you use? Do you program them?](https://lobste.rs/s/nl96zm/what_keyboards_do_you_use_do_you_program)
- [Quick and dirty guide to flashing your Planck Light bootloader](https://www.reddit.com/r/olkb/comments/8tk9jj/quick_and_dirty_guide_to_flashing_your_planck/)
- [Planck Light review](https://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/8vd7ht/planck_light_review/)
- [A Modern Space Cadet](http://stevelosh.com/blog/2012/10/a-modern-space-cadet)
- [Keebio](https://keeb.io/) - Mechanical Keyboard Parts and Other Goodies.
- [kbd-audio](https://github.com/ggerganov/kbd-audio) - Tools for capturing and analysing keyboard input paired with microphone capture.
- [Keymap & EN/RU layouts for Levinson 40% split ortholinear keyboard](https://github.com/tonsky/Levinson-Layout)
- [KeyHive](https://keyhive.xyz/) - Personalize Your Keyboard.
- [My Corne keyboard (crkbd-classic) - Split, column staggered with 3-thumb keys](https://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/9i5uo3/my_corne_keyboard_crkbdclassic_split_column/)
- [Awesome Split Keyboards](https://github.com/diimdeep/awesome-split-keyboards#readme)
- [Making My Own USB Keyboard From Scratch (2019)](http://blakesmith.me/2019/01/16/making-my-own-usb-keyboard-from-scratch.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19181473))
- [KMonad](https://github.com/david-janssen/kmonad) - Advanced keyboard manager.
- [How to make your C codebase rusty: rewriting keyboard firmware keymap in Rust (2019)](https://about.houqp.me/posts/rusty-c/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21595948))
- [HN: If You Can't Buy the Keyboard You Want, Build It Instead (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21789476)
- [KeyV2](https://github.com/rsheldiii/KeyV2) - Parametric Mechanical Keycap Library.
- [ckb-next](https://github.com/ckb-next/ckb-next) - RGB Driver for Linux and macOS.
- [Weird Keyboards, Programmable Keyboards (2020)](https://blog.gboards.ca/2020/01/weird-keyboards-programmable-keyboards.html) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/cyuguu/weird_keyboards_programmable_keyboards))
- [Guidelines for designing a custom Topre keyboard](https://github.com/tomsmalley/custom-topre-guide)
- [A New, Experimental User Interface](https://emvi.com/blog/a-new-experimental-user-interface-QMZgmZG1L5) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22640054))
- [Keyboard recommendations (2020)](https://lobste.rs/s/8deiib/keyboard_recommendations)
- [Simple app to make any keyboard bluetooth enabled](https://github.com/dfrankland/bleboard)

Commit message:

drugs games politics foods history keyboards graphql microservices physics rust tools webkit finding-work

keyboards/keyboards.md, after:

# Keyboards

I love keyboards. Specifically I love remapping them with [Karabiner](../macOS/apps/karabiner/karabiner.md) to extend them to do more awesome things for me.

I am currently using builtin 2018 MacBook keyboard and love it. I love the low key travel as I get tired typing on most mechanical keyboards. The only thing I would change from that keyboard would be split space key into two keys for more remapping awesomeness.

## Notes

- Gateron Browns low key travel mech switches maybe are nice. Need something low key travel ala macbook.

## Interesting keyboards

- [Keyboardio](https://shop.keyboard.io)
- [42](https://github.com/nglgzz/42) - Custom keyboard built by [Angelo](https://github.com/nglgzz).
- [Preonic](https://olkb.com/preonic/hi-pro-wooden-milled-bottom) - Beautiful keyboard.
- [Preonic Light](https://www.massdrop.com/buy/massdrop-x-olkb-planck-light-mechanical-keyboard) - IMO better than Preonic. Would be even nicer with Kailh switches & it being wireless.
- [Dactyl Keyboard](https://github.com/adereth/dactyl-keyboard) - Parameterized ergonomic keyboard.
- [Corne keyboard](https://github.com/foostan/crkbd) - Split keyboard with 3x6 column staggered keys and 3 thumb keys. ([Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/a4hp9e/corne_chocolatehotswappable_crkbd_for_chocolate/))
- [Redox](https://github.com/mattdibi/redox-keyboard) - Ergonomic split mechanical keyboard.
- [Helix](https://github.com/MakotoKurauchi/helix) - Compact split ortholinear keyboard.
- [Lily58](https://github.com/kata0510/Lily58) - 6×4+4keys column-staggered split keyboard.
- [Keyberon](https://github.com/TeXitoi/keyberon) - Hand wired ortholinear mechanical keyboard with a firmware in rust.

## Interesting keycaps

- [Kailh Low Profile Keycaps - Blank](https://novelkeys.xyz/collections/keycaps/products/kailh-low-profile-keycaps-blank?variant=3747977101352) - Low key & awesome.

## Links

- [Keyboard PCB Guide](https://github.com/ruiqimao/keyboard-pcb-guide)
- [Cookes and cream Ergodox](https://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/8h94fq/cookies_and_cream_ergodox/) - Neat setup.
- [Multi-purpose keys, and a case for small keyboards](https://asylum.madhouse-project.org/blog/2016/10/15/multi-purpose-keys/)
- [clojure.core/typing - Matt Adereth](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk3A41U0iO4) - Modeling and 3D printing a keyboard.
- [Building Keyboards](https://alastairreid.github.io/building-keyboards/)
- [What keyboards do you use? Do you program them?](https://lobste.rs/s/nl96zm/what_keyboards_do_you_use_do_you_program)
- [Quick and dirty guide to flashing your Planck Light bootloader](https://www.reddit.com/r/olkb/comments/8tk9jj/quick_and_dirty_guide_to_flashing_your_planck/)
- [Planck Light review](https://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/8vd7ht/planck_light_review/)
- [A Modern Space Cadet](http://stevelosh.com/blog/2012/10/a-modern-space-cadet)
- [Keebio](https://keeb.io/) - Mechanical Keyboard Parts and Other Goodies.
- [kbd-audio](https://github.com/ggerganov/kbd-audio) - Tools for capturing and analysing keyboard input paired with microphone capture.
- [Keymap & EN/RU layouts for Levinson 40% split ortholinear keyboard](https://github.com/tonsky/Levinson-Layout)
- [KeyHive](https://keyhive.xyz/) - Personalize Your Keyboard.
- [My Corne keyboard (crkbd-classic) - Split, column staggered with 3-thumb keys](https://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/9i5uo3/my_corne_keyboard_crkbdclassic_split_column/)
- [Awesome Split Keyboards](https://github.com/diimdeep/awesome-split-keyboards#readme)
- [Making My Own USB Keyboard From Scratch (2019)](http://blakesmith.me/2019/01/16/making-my-own-usb-keyboard-from-scratch.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19181473))
- [KMonad](https://github.com/david-janssen/kmonad) - Advanced keyboard manager.
- [How to make your C codebase rusty: rewriting keyboard firmware keymap in Rust (2019)](https://about.houqp.me/posts/rusty-c/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21595948))
- [HN: If You Can't Buy the Keyboard You Want, Build It Instead (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21789476)
- [KeyV2](https://github.com/rsheldiii/KeyV2) - Parametric Mechanical Keycap Library.
- [ckb-next](https://github.com/ckb-next/ckb-next) - RGB Driver for Linux and macOS.
- [Weird Keyboards, Programmable Keyboards (2020)](https://blog.gboards.ca/2020/01/weird-keyboards-programmable-keyboards.html) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/cyuguu/weird_keyboards_programmable_keyboards))
- [Guidelines for designing a custom Topre keyboard](https://github.com/tomsmalley/custom-topre-guide)
- [A New, Experimental User Interface](https://emvi.com/blog/a-new-experimental-user-interface-QMZgmZG1L5) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22640054))
- [Keyboard recommendations (2020)](https://lobste.rs/s/8deiib/keyboard_recommendations)
- [Simple app to make any keyboard bluetooth enabled](https://github.com/dfrankland/bleboard)
