operating-systems/operating-systems.md, before:

# Operating systems

I love using [macOS](../macOS/macOS.md) as my personal OS.

And I like [NixOS](linux/nixos.md) and it's [nix package manager](../package-managers/nix/nix.md).

## Interesting OSes

- [MirageOS](https://github.com/mirage/mirage) - Library operating system that constructs unikernels.
- [QubesOS](https://www.qubes-os.org/)
- [Plan 9](https://9p.io/plan9/)
- [Toddler](https://github.com/zhengruohuang/toddler) - Well-designed usable and portable microkernel OS.
- [OS67](https://github.com/SilverRainZ/OS67) - Unix-like toy kernel.
- [Serenity](https://github.com/awesomekling/serenity) - X86 Unix-like operating system for IBM PC-compatibles.
- [Resea](https://github.com/seiyanuta/resea) - Pure microkernel-based hackable operating system written from scratch in C and Rust.
- [Rux](https://github.com/sorpaas/rux) - Hobbyist microkernel written in Rust, featuring a capability-based system similar to seL4.
- [redshirt](https://github.com/tomaka/redshirt) - Experiment to build some kind of operating-system-like environment where executables are all in WASM and are loaded from an IPFS-like decentralized network.
- [Spectrum](https://spectrum-os.org/) - Step towards usable secure computing.
- [mikado](https://github.com/cavedweller/mikado) - RISC-V Experimental OS.
- [mkernel](https://github.com/arjun024/mkernel) - Minimalist kernel which prints "my first kernel" on the screen and then hangs. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22087701))
- [Barebones](https://github.com/fwsGonzo/barebones) - Barebones multiboot kernel for beginners.
- [xv6](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-public) - Re-implementation of Dennis Ritchie's and Ken Thompson's Unix Version 6. ([Paper](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/2019/xv6/book-riscv-rev0.pdf)) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22511569))
- [xv6 for RISC-V](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv)
- [Orange Slice](https://github.com/gamozolabs/orange_slice) - Research kernel and hypervisor attempting to get fully deterministic emulation with minimum performance cost.
- [Cloud Hypervisor](https://github.com/cloud-hypervisor/cloud-hypervisor) - Open source Virtual Machine Monitor (VMM) that runs on top of KVM.
- [RancherOS](https://github.com/rancher/os) - Tiny Linux distro that runs the entire OS as Docker containers.
- [Bottlerocket OS](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket) - Free and open-source Linux-based operating system meant for hosting containers.
- [XNU kernel](https://github.com/apple/darwin-xnu) - Part of the Darwin operating system for use in macOS and iOS operating systems.
- [Haiku](https://github.com/haiku/haiku) - Open-source operating system that specifically targets personal computing.

## Emulators

- [byuu](https://github.com/byuu/byuu) - Multi-system emulator focused on performance, features, and ease of use.
- [QEMU](https://github.com/qemu/qemu) - Generic and open source machine & userspace emulator and virtualizer.

## Links

- [Introduction to Operating Systems](http://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~bart/537/lecturenotes/titlepage.html)
- [OS: Three Easy Pieces](http://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~remzi/OSTEP/)
- [mirageOS](https://mirage.io/) - A programming framework for building type-safe, modular systems.
- [OS Dev](https://wiki.osdev.org/Main_Page)
- [Raspberry Pi OS](https://github.com/s-matyukevich/raspberry-pi-os) - Learning operating system development using Linux kernel and Raspberry Pi.
- [Create OS from scratch](https://github.com/cfenollosa/os-tutorial#readme)
- [How to Make a Computer Operating System](https://samypesse.gitbook.io/how-to-create-an-operating-system/) ([Code](https://github.com/SamyPesse/How-to-Make-a-Computer-Operating-System))
- [Plan 9 from User Space](https://github.com/9fans/plan9port) - Port of many Plan 9 libraries and programs to Unix.
- [Jehanne](https://github.com/JehanneOS/jehanne) - Simple operating system.
- [Unik](https://github.com/solo-io/unik) - Unikernel & MicroVM Compilation and Deployment Platform.
- [SPDK](https://spdk.io/) - Storage Performance Development Kit Provides a set of tools and libraries for writing high performance, scalable, user-mode storage applications.
- [Writing an OS in Rust (2018)](https://os.phil-opp.com/)
- [intermezzOS kernel](https://github.com/intermezzOS/kernel) - Hobby operating system, in Rust.
- [The intermezzOS book](http://intermezzos.github.io/book/) ([Code](https://github.com/intermezzOS/book))
- [Write your own Operating System (2017)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHh55M_Kq4OApWScZyPl5HhgsTJS9MZ6M)
- [Operating Systems: From 0 to 1](https://tuhdo.github.io/os01/) - Bootstrap yourself to write an OS from scratch. A book for self-learner.
- [Introducing Mercury OS (2019)](https://medium.com/@jasonyuan/introducing-mercury-os-f4de45a04289)
- [Nanos](https://github.com/nanovms/nanos) - New kernel designed to run one and only one application in a virtualized environment.
- [BootOS](https://github.com/nanochess/bootOS) - Monolithic operating system in 512 bytes of x86 machine code. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20569438))
- [Ask HN: Recommended resources to learn the Linux kernel and OS theory? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20809666)
- [Soso](https://github.com/ozkl/soso) - Simple unix-like operating system written in Nasm assembly and mostly in C.
- [swieros](https://github.com/rswier/swieros) - Tiny and fast Unix-ish kernel (based on xv6), compiler, and userland for fun, education, and research.
- [A dream of an ultimate OS (1995)](http://okmij.org/ftp/papers/DreamOSPaper.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20754592))
- [Input/Output Subsystem in Singularity Operating System (2011)](http://students.mimuw.edu.pl/~md234040/master.pdf)
- [Commute talk: How to start building an OS? (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqllFKjEZAo)
- [Making a RISC-V Operating System using Rust](http://osblog.stephenmarz.com/index.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21446079))
- [Mu: Sketching out a minimal system programming language (2019)](http://akkartik.name/post/mu-2019-2) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/e39f2x/mu_sketching_out_minimal_system))
- [ioping](https://github.com/koct9i/ioping) - Simple disk I/0 latency measuring tool.
- [Collapse OS](https://github.com/hsoft/collapseos) - Bootstrap post-collapse technology. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21182628))
- [Awesome eBPF](https://github.com/zoidbergwill/awesome-ebpf#readme) - BPF, as in Berkeley Packet Filter, is an in-kernel virtual machine running programs passed from user space.
- [What are required knowledge in order to build an OS? (2020)](https://www.reddit.com/r/osdev/comments/egzwa0/what_are_required_knowledge_in_order_to_build_an/)
- [Krabs](https://github.com/ellbrid/krabs) - x86 bootloader written in Rust.
- [oreboot](https://github.com/oreboot/oreboot) - Fork of coreboot, with C removed, written in Rust.
- [MIT Operating Systems Engineering course using RISC-V](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/2019/schedule.html)
- [QEMU](https://www.qemu.org/) - Generic and open source machine emulator and virtualizer. ([Docs](https://qemu.weilnetz.de/doc/qemu-doc.html))
- [fectl](https://github.com/fafhrd91/fectl) - Client/server system that allows its users to monitor and control a number of processes on UNIX-like operating systems.
- [1001 Ways of Implementing a System Call (2019)](https://x86.lol/generic/2019/07/04/kernel-entry.html)
- [How I Switched To Plan 9 (2019)](http://helpful.cat-v.org/Blog/2019/12/03/0/)
- [Operating Systems course notes (2013)](https://www.cs.uic.edu/~jbell/CourseNotes/OperatingSystems/)
- [Computer Simulation and History](http://simh.trailing-edge.com/) ([Code](https://github.com/simh/simh))
- [HiddenVM](https://github.com/aforensics/HiddenVM) - Use any desktop OS without leaving a trace.
- [Programmer's critique of missing structure of operating systems (2020)](http://blog.rfox.eu/en/Programmer_s_critique_of_missing_structure_of_oper.html)
- [LeetCode OS Questions](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/operating-system?currentPage=1&orderBy=most_votes&query=)

Commit message:

api automation viruses startups ethereum distributed-systems css-in-js ideas machine-learning microservices ssh docker kubernetes linux operating-systems other wiki-workflow cpp-libraries go java react-hooks ocaml rust-libraries rust swift-libraries unison embedded-systems jupyter-notebooks research-papers vim-plugins webassembly

operating-systems/operating-systems.md, after:

# Operating systems

I love using [macOS](../macOS/macOS.md) as my personal OS.

And I like [NixOS](linux/nixos.md) and it's [nix package manager](../package-managers/nix/nix.md).

## Interesting OSes

- [MirageOS](https://github.com/mirage/mirage) - Library operating system that constructs unikernels.
- [QubesOS](https://www.qubes-os.org/)
- [Plan 9](https://9p.io/plan9/)
- [Toddler](https://github.com/zhengruohuang/toddler) - Well-designed usable and portable microkernel OS.
- [OS67](https://github.com/SilverRainZ/OS67) - Unix-like toy kernel.
- [Serenity](https://github.com/awesomekling/serenity) - X86 Unix-like operating system for IBM PC-compatibles.
- [Resea](https://github.com/seiyanuta/resea) - Pure microkernel-based hackable operating system written from scratch in C and Rust.
- [Rux](https://github.com/sorpaas/rux) - Hobbyist microkernel written in Rust, featuring a capability-based system similar to seL4.
- [redshirt](https://github.com/tomaka/redshirt) - Experiment to build some kind of operating-system-like environment where executables are all in WASM and are loaded from an IPFS-like decentralized network.
- [Spectrum](https://spectrum-os.org/) - Step towards usable secure computing.
- [mikado](https://github.com/cavedweller/mikado) - RISC-V Experimental OS.
- [mkernel](https://github.com/arjun024/mkernel) - Minimalist kernel which prints "my first kernel" on the screen and then hangs. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22087701))
- [Barebones](https://github.com/fwsGonzo/barebones) - Barebones multiboot kernel for beginners.
- [xv6](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-public) - Re-implementation of Dennis Ritchie's and Ken Thompson's Unix Version 6. ([Paper](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/2019/xv6/book-riscv-rev0.pdf)) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22511569))
- [xv6 for RISC-V](https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-riscv)
- [Orange Slice](https://github.com/gamozolabs/orange_slice) - Research kernel and hypervisor attempting to get fully deterministic emulation with minimum performance cost.
- [Cloud Hypervisor](https://github.com/cloud-hypervisor/cloud-hypervisor) - Open source Virtual Machine Monitor (VMM) that runs on top of KVM.
- [RancherOS](https://github.com/rancher/os) - Tiny Linux distro that runs the entire OS as Docker containers.
- [Bottlerocket OS](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket) - Free and open-source Linux-based operating system meant for hosting containers.
- [XNU kernel](https://github.com/apple/darwin-xnu) - Part of the Darwin operating system for use in macOS and iOS operating systems.
- [Haiku](https://github.com/haiku/haiku) - Open-source operating system that specifically targets personal computing.
- [Pebble](https://github.com/IsaacWoods/pebble) - Microkernel and userspace written in Rust, with first-class message passing.

## Emulators

- [byuu](https://github.com/byuu/byuu) - Multi-system emulator focused on performance, features, and ease of use.
- [QEMU](https://github.com/qemu/qemu) - Generic and open source machine & userspace emulator and virtualizer.

## Links

- [Introduction to Operating Systems](http://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~bart/537/lecturenotes/titlepage.html)
- [OS: Three Easy Pieces](http://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~remzi/OSTEP/)
- [mirageOS](https://mirage.io/) - A programming framework for building type-safe, modular systems.
- [OS Dev](https://wiki.osdev.org/Main_Page)
- [Raspberry Pi OS](https://github.com/s-matyukevich/raspberry-pi-os) - Learning operating system development using Linux kernel and Raspberry Pi.
- [Create OS from scratch](https://github.com/cfenollosa/os-tutorial#readme)
- [How to Make a Computer Operating System](https://samypesse.gitbook.io/how-to-create-an-operating-system/) ([Code](https://github.com/SamyPesse/How-to-Make-a-Computer-Operating-System))
- [Plan 9 from User Space](https://github.com/9fans/plan9port) - Port of many Plan 9 libraries and programs to Unix.
- [Jehanne](https://github.com/JehanneOS/jehanne) - Simple operating system.
- [Unik](https://github.com/solo-io/unik) - Unikernel & MicroVM Compilation and Deployment Platform.
- [SPDK](https://spdk.io/) - Storage Performance Development Kit Provides a set of tools and libraries for writing high performance, scalable, user-mode storage applications.
- [Writing an OS in Rust (2018)](https://os.phil-opp.com/)
- [intermezzOS kernel](https://github.com/intermezzOS/kernel) - Hobby operating system, in Rust.
- [The intermezzOS book](http://intermezzos.github.io/book/) ([Code](https://github.com/intermezzOS/book))
- [Write your own Operating System (2017)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHh55M_Kq4OApWScZyPl5HhgsTJS9MZ6M)
- [Operating Systems: From 0 to 1](https://tuhdo.github.io/os01/) - Bootstrap yourself to write an OS from scratch. A book for self-learner.
- [Introducing Mercury OS (2019)](https://medium.com/@jasonyuan/introducing-mercury-os-f4de45a04289)
- [Nanos](https://github.com/nanovms/nanos) - New kernel designed to run one and only one application in a virtualized environment.
- [BootOS](https://github.com/nanochess/bootOS) - Monolithic operating system in 512 bytes of x86 machine code. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20569438))
- [Ask HN: Recommended resources to learn the Linux kernel and OS theory? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20809666)
- [Soso](https://github.com/ozkl/soso) - Simple unix-like operating system written in Nasm assembly and mostly in C.
- [swieros](https://github.com/rswier/swieros) - Tiny and fast Unix-ish kernel (based on xv6), compiler, and userland for fun, education, and research.
- [A dream of an ultimate OS (1995)](http://okmij.org/ftp/papers/DreamOSPaper.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20754592))
- [Input/Output Subsystem in Singularity Operating System (2011)](http://students.mimuw.edu.pl/~md234040/master.pdf)
- [Commute talk: How to start building an OS? (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqllFKjEZAo)
- [Making a RISC-V Operating System using Rust](http://osblog.stephenmarz.com/index.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21446079))
- [Mu: Sketching out a minimal system programming language (2019)](http://akkartik.name/post/mu-2019-2) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/e39f2x/mu_sketching_out_minimal_system))
- [ioping](https://github.com/koct9i/ioping) - Simple disk I/0 latency measuring tool.
- [Collapse OS](https://github.com/hsoft/collapseos) - Bootstrap post-collapse technology. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21182628))
- [Awesome eBPF](https://github.com/zoidbergwill/awesome-ebpf#readme) - BPF, as in Berkeley Packet Filter, is an in-kernel virtual machine running programs passed from user space.
- [What are required knowledge in order to build an OS? (2020)](https://www.reddit.com/r/osdev/comments/egzwa0/what_are_required_knowledge_in_order_to_build_an/)
- [Krabs](https://github.com/ellbrid/krabs) - x86 bootloader written in Rust.
- [oreboot](https://github.com/oreboot/oreboot) - Fork of coreboot, with C removed, written in Rust.
- [MIT Operating Systems Engineering course using RISC-V](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/2019/schedule.html)
- [QEMU](https://www.qemu.org/) - Generic and open source machine emulator and virtualizer. ([Docs](https://qemu.weilnetz.de/doc/qemu-doc.html))
- [fectl](https://github.com/fafhrd91/fectl) - Client/server system that allows its users to monitor and control a number of processes on UNIX-like operating systems.
- [1001 Ways of Implementing a System Call (2019)](https://x86.lol/generic/2019/07/04/kernel-entry.html)
- [How I Switched To Plan 9 (2019)](http://helpful.cat-v.org/Blog/2019/12/03/0/)
- [Operating Systems course notes (2013)](https://www.cs.uic.edu/~jbell/CourseNotes/OperatingSystems/)
- [Computer Simulation and History](http://simh.trailing-edge.com/) ([Code](https://github.com/simh/simh))
- [HiddenVM](https://github.com/aforensics/HiddenVM) - Use any desktop OS without leaving a trace.
- [Programmer's critique of missing structure of operating systems (2020)](http://blog.rfox.eu/en/Programmer_s_critique_of_missing_structure_of_oper.html)
- [LeetCode OS Questions](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/operating-system?currentPage=1&orderBy=most_votes&query=)
