programming-languages/julia/julia-libraries.md, before:

# Julia libraries

## ML

- [Flux](https://github.com/FluxML/Flux.jl) - Elegant approach to machine learning. It's a 100% pure-Julia stack, and provides lightweight abstractions on top of Julia's native GPU and AD support.
  - [Flux Model Zoo](https://github.com/FluxML/model-zoo)
- [MLJ](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/MLJ.jl) - Julia machine learning framework. ([Tutorial](https://alan-turing-institute.github.io/MLJTutorials/))
- [Knet](https://github.com/denizyuret/Knet.jl) - Deep learning framework implemented in Julia by Deniz Yuret and collaborators.

## Math

- [DifferentialEquations](https://github.com/JuliaDiffEq/DifferentialEquations.jl) - Julia suite for high-performance solvers of differential equations.
- [IterativeSolvers](https://github.com/JuliaMath/IterativeSolvers.jl) - Iterative algorithms for solving linear systems, eigensystems, and singular value problems.
- [JuMP](https://github.com/JuliaOpt/JuMP.jl) - Modeling language for Mathematical Optimization (linear, mixed-integer, conic, semidefinite, nonlinear).
- [Multivariate Statistics](https://github.com/JuliaStats/MultivariateStats.jl) - Julia package for multivariate statistics and data analysis (e.g. dimension reduction).
- [RandomizedLinAlg.jl](https://github.com/haampie/RandomizedLinAlg.jl) - Randomized algorithms for numerical linear algebra in Julia.
- [Grassmann.jl](https://github.com/chakravala/Grassmann.jl) - ⟨Leibniz-Grassmann-Clifford⟩ differential geometric algebra / multivector simplicial complex.
- [PencilFFTs.jl](https://github.com/jipolanco/PencilFFTs.jl) - Fast Fourier transforms of MPI-distributed Julia arrays.
- [SurrealNumbers](https://github.com/mroughan/SurrealNumbers.jl) - Implementation of Conway's Surreal Numbers.

## Biology

- [GeneticVariation](https://github.com/BioJulia/GeneticVariation.jl) - Data structures and algorithms for working with genetic variation.
- [BioStructures.jl](https://github.com/BioJulia/BioStructures.jl) - Julia package to read, write and manipulate macromolecular structures (particularly proteins).

## Other

- [TimeSeries](https://github.com/JuliaStats/TimeSeries.jl) - Aims to provide a lightweight framework for working with time series data in Julia.
- [Plots](https://github.com/JuliaPlots/Plots.jl) - Powerful convenience for Julia visualizations and data analysis.
- [Makie](https://github.com/JuliaPlots/Makie.jl) - High level plotting on the GPU.
- [FileIO](https://github.com/JuliaIO/FileIO.jl) - Main Package for IO, loading all different kind of files.
- [GPUArrays](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/GPUArrays.jl) - Array operations defined for all kind of GPU backends.
- [PackageCompiler](https://github.com/JuliaLang/PackageCompiler.jl) - Remove just-in-time compilation overhead from your package and compile it into a system image.
- [CUDAdrv](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDAdrv.jl) - Julia wrapper for the CUDA driver API.
- [Devectorize](https://github.com/lindahua/Devectorize.jl) - Provides macros and functions to de-vectorize a vector expression.
- [CUDAnative.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDAnative.jl) - Julia support for native CUDA programming.
- [Julia debugger](https://github.com/JuliaDebug/Debugger.jl)
- [Automa.jl](https://github.com/BioJulia/Automa.jl) - Julia code generator for regular expressions.
- [Gadfly](https://github.com/GiovineItalia/Gadfly.jl) - Plotting and data visualization system written in Julia.
- [FastTransforms.jl](https://github.com/JuliaApproximation/FastTransforms.jl) - Julia package for fast orthogonal polynomial transforms.
- [ModelingToolkit.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiffEq/ModelingToolkit.jl) - Toolkit for modeling and creating DSLs for Scientific Computing in Julia.
- [Zygote](https://github.com/FluxML/Zygote.jl) - Intimate Affection Auditor.
- [ForwardDiff.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ForwardDiff.jl) - Forward Mode Automatic Differentiation for Julia.
- [Omega.jl](https://github.com/zenna/Omega.jl) - Causal, Higher-Order, Probabilistic Programming.
- [AutoGrad](https://github.com/denizyuret/AutoGrad.jl) - Automatic differentiation package for Julia.
- [GLM](https://github.com/JuliaStats/GLM.jl) - Generalized linear models in Julia.
- [Distributions.jl](https://github.com/JuliaStats/Distributions.jl) - Julia package for probability distributions and associated functions.
- [Turing.jl](https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl) - Turing language for probabilistic machine learning and Bayesian statistics.
- [Pretty Tables](https://github.com/ronisbr/PrettyTables.jl) - Print data in matrices in a human-readable format.
- [PyCall.jl](https://github.com/JuliaPy/PyCall.jl) - Package to call Python functions from the Julia language.
- [Optim.jl](https://github.com/JuliaNLSolvers/Optim.jl) - Univariate and multivariate optimization in Julia.
- [StaticArrays](https://github.com/JuliaArrays/StaticArrays.jl) - Statically sized arrays for Julia.
- [Threads](https://github.com/tkf/ThreadsX.jl) - Parallelized Base functions.
- [DataStructures.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCollections/DataStructures.jl) - Implements a variety of data structures.
- [Literate](https://github.com/fredrikekre/Literate.jl) - Simple package for literate programming in Julia.
- [AbstractTrees](https://github.com/JuliaCollections/AbstractTrees.jl) - Abstract julia interfaces for working with trees.

## Links

- [Julia Observer](https://juliaobserver.com/)
- [Curated decibans of Julia programming language](https://github.com/svaksha/Julia.jl#readme)
- [Some State of the Art Packages in Julia v1.0 (2018)](http://www.stochasticlifestyle.com/some-state-of-the-art-packages-in-julia-v1-0/)

Commit message:

memcached grpc activitypub emulators julia-libraries writing

programming-languages/julia/julia-libraries.md, after:

# Julia libraries

## ML

- [Flux](https://github.com/FluxML/Flux.jl) - Elegant approach to machine learning. It's a 100% pure-Julia stack, and provides lightweight abstractions on top of Julia's native GPU and AD support.
  - [Flux Model Zoo](https://github.com/FluxML/model-zoo)
- [MLJ](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/MLJ.jl) - Julia machine learning framework. ([Tutorial](https://alan-turing-institute.github.io/MLJTutorials/))
- [Knet](https://github.com/denizyuret/Knet.jl) - Deep learning framework implemented in Julia by Deniz Yuret and collaborators.

## Math

- [DifferentialEquations](https://github.com/JuliaDiffEq/DifferentialEquations.jl) - Julia suite for high-performance solvers of differential equations.
- [IterativeSolvers](https://github.com/JuliaMath/IterativeSolvers.jl) - Iterative algorithms for solving linear systems, eigensystems, and singular value problems.
- [JuMP](https://github.com/JuliaOpt/JuMP.jl) - Modeling language for Mathematical Optimization (linear, mixed-integer, conic, semidefinite, nonlinear).
- [Multivariate Statistics](https://github.com/JuliaStats/MultivariateStats.jl) - Julia package for multivariate statistics and data analysis (e.g. dimension reduction).
- [RandomizedLinAlg.jl](https://github.com/haampie/RandomizedLinAlg.jl) - Randomized algorithms for numerical linear algebra in Julia.
- [Grassmann.jl](https://github.com/chakravala/Grassmann.jl) - ⟨Leibniz-Grassmann-Clifford⟩ differential geometric algebra / multivector simplicial complex.
- [PencilFFTs.jl](https://github.com/jipolanco/PencilFFTs.jl) - Fast Fourier transforms of MPI-distributed Julia arrays.
- [SurrealNumbers](https://github.com/mroughan/SurrealNumbers.jl) - Implementation of Conway's Surreal Numbers.

## Biology

- [GeneticVariation](https://github.com/BioJulia/GeneticVariation.jl) - Data structures and algorithms for working with genetic variation.
- [BioStructures.jl](https://github.com/BioJulia/BioStructures.jl) - Julia package to read, write and manipulate macromolecular structures (particularly proteins).

## Other

- [TimeSeries](https://github.com/JuliaStats/TimeSeries.jl) - Aims to provide a lightweight framework for working with time series data in Julia.
- [Plots](https://github.com/JuliaPlots/Plots.jl) - Powerful convenience for Julia visualizations and data analysis.
- [Makie](https://github.com/JuliaPlots/Makie.jl) - High level plotting on the GPU.
- [FileIO](https://github.com/JuliaIO/FileIO.jl) - Main Package for IO, loading all different kind of files.
- [GPUArrays](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/GPUArrays.jl) - Array operations defined for all kind of GPU backends.
- [PackageCompiler](https://github.com/JuliaLang/PackageCompiler.jl) - Remove just-in-time compilation overhead from your package and compile it into a system image.
- [CUDAdrv](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDAdrv.jl) - Julia wrapper for the CUDA driver API.
- [Devectorize](https://github.com/lindahua/Devectorize.jl) - Provides macros and functions to de-vectorize a vector expression.
- [CUDAnative.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDAnative.jl) - Julia support for native CUDA programming.
- [Julia debugger](https://github.com/JuliaDebug/Debugger.jl)
- [Automa.jl](https://github.com/BioJulia/Automa.jl) - Julia code generator for regular expressions.
- [Gadfly](https://github.com/GiovineItalia/Gadfly.jl) - Plotting and data visualization system written in Julia.
- [FastTransforms.jl](https://github.com/JuliaApproximation/FastTransforms.jl) - Julia package for fast orthogonal polynomial transforms.
- [ModelingToolkit.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiffEq/ModelingToolkit.jl) - Toolkit for modeling and creating DSLs for Scientific Computing in Julia.
- [Zygote](https://github.com/FluxML/Zygote.jl) - Intimate Affection Auditor.
- [ForwardDiff.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ForwardDiff.jl) - Forward Mode Automatic Differentiation for Julia.
- [Omega.jl](https://github.com/zenna/Omega.jl) - Causal, Higher-Order, Probabilistic Programming.
- [AutoGrad](https://github.com/denizyuret/AutoGrad.jl) - Automatic differentiation package for Julia.
- [GLM](https://github.com/JuliaStats/GLM.jl) - Generalized linear models in Julia.
- [Distributions.jl](https://github.com/JuliaStats/Distributions.jl) - Julia package for probability distributions and associated functions.
- [Turing.jl](https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl) - Turing language for probabilistic machine learning and Bayesian statistics.
- [Pretty Tables](https://github.com/ronisbr/PrettyTables.jl) - Print data in matrices in a human-readable format.
- [PyCall.jl](https://github.com/JuliaPy/PyCall.jl) - Package to call Python functions from the Julia language.
- [Optim.jl](https://github.com/JuliaNLSolvers/Optim.jl) - Univariate and multivariate optimization in Julia.
- [StaticArrays](https://github.com/JuliaArrays/StaticArrays.jl) - Statically sized arrays for Julia.
- [Threads](https://github.com/tkf/ThreadsX.jl) - Parallelized Base functions.
- [DataStructures.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCollections/DataStructures.jl) - Implements a variety of data structures.
- [Literate](https://github.com/fredrikekre/Literate.jl) - Simple package for literate programming in Julia.
- [AbstractTrees](https://github.com/JuliaCollections/AbstractTrees.jl) - Abstract julia interfaces for working with trees.
- [Lazy.jl](https://github.com/MikeInnes/Lazy.jl) - Provides Julia with the cornerstones of functional programming - lazily-evaluated lists and a large library of functions for working with them.

## Links

- [Julia Observer](https://juliaobserver.com/)
- [Curated decibans of Julia programming language](https://github.com/svaksha/Julia.jl#readme)
- [Some State of the Art Packages in Julia v1.0 (2018)](http://www.stochasticlifestyle.com/some-state-of-the-art-packages-in-julia-v1-0/)
