tools/telegram.md, before:

# [Telegram](https://telegram.org)

Telegram is by far the best messenger that exists right now.

I created a few public Telegram groups that I often contribute to. [macOS/iOS Automation](https://t.me/joinchat/BBKnQU4_rty6_942PFbPbw) being the biggest one.

I mapped my most visited chats with KM macros that call URL schemes like so:

![](https://i.imgur.com/J2n7NpH.png)

This lets me jump between many groups in under 1 second time. For other groups I use the channel switcher.

## Bot libraries

- [Integram](https://github.com/requilence/integram) - Integrate Telegram into your workflow.
- [Telebot](https://github.com/tucnak/telebot) - Looks awesome.
- [Telegrammer](https://github.com/givip/Telegrammer) - Written with Swift 5.0/NIO, supports Linux, macOS.
- [Telegraphist](https://github.com/xamut/telegraphist) - Telegram Bot API on Go.
- [Pyrogram](https://github.com/pyrogram/pyrogram) - Telegram MTProto API Client Library and Framework for Python.

## Links

- [Awesome Telegram Groups](https://github.com/learn-anything/telegram-groups#readme)
- [Collection of Telegram Bots for Geeks](https://medium.com/@ipestov/collection-of-telegram-bots-for-geeks-52fd821740c1)
- [Telegram Master Bot List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uQP3f2bWuPapTn_1FUcL67jW9MwLzSjysji39pmyUxY/edit#gid=2104461983)
- [Teleprompter](https://github.com/r-darwish/Teleprompter) - Ask for user prompt using Telegram.
- [Telegram iOS](https://github.com/peter-iakovlev/Telegram-iOS)
- [mtg](https://github.com/9seconds/mtg) - Bullshit-free MTPROTO proxy for Telegram.
- [Minute Hack: Get SSH login notification on Telegram](https://8192.one/post/ssh_login_notification_withtelegram/)
- [Telegram Desktop](https://github.com/telegramdesktop/tdesktop) - Complete source code and the build instructions for the alpha version of the official desktop client for the Telegram messenger.
- [Informer](https://github.com/paulpierre/informer) - Telegram Mass Surveillance Bot in Python. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21750353))
- [Awesome Telegram](https://github.com/ebertti/awesome-telegram#readme) - Collection great groups, channels, bots and libraries for Telegram.
- [List of telegram groups, channels & bots](https://github.com/goq/telegram-list#readme)
- [Telegram Bot Code Samples](https://core.telegram.org/bots/samples)
- [Awesome Telegram](https://github.com/serhii-londar/awesome-telegram#readme)
- [The Evolution of Telegram](https://telegram.org/evolution)

Commit message:

computer-vision lisp python-libraries rust robots telegram

tools/telegram.md, after:

# [Telegram](https://telegram.org)

Telegram is by far the best messenger that exists right now.

I created a few public Telegram groups that I often contribute to. [macOS/iOS Automation](https://t.me/joinchat/BBKnQU4_rty6_942PFbPbw) being the biggest one.

I mapped my most visited chats with KM macros that call URL schemes like so:

![](https://i.imgur.com/J2n7NpH.png)

This lets me jump between many groups in under 1 second time. For other groups I use the channel switcher.

## Bot libraries

- [Integram](https://github.com/requilence/integram) - Integrate Telegram into your workflow.
- [Telebot](https://github.com/tucnak/telebot) - Looks awesome.
- [Telegrammer](https://github.com/givip/Telegrammer) - Written with Swift 5.0/NIO, supports Linux, macOS.
- [Telegraphist](https://github.com/xamut/telegraphist) - Telegram Bot API on Go.
- [Pyrogram](https://github.com/pyrogram/pyrogram) - Telegram MTProto API Client Library and Framework for Python.
- [gramme.rs](https://github.com/Lonami/grammers) - Set of Rust libraries to interact with Telegram's API.

## Links

- [Awesome Telegram Groups](https://github.com/learn-anything/telegram-groups#readme)
- [Collection of Telegram Bots for Geeks](https://medium.com/@ipestov/collection-of-telegram-bots-for-geeks-52fd821740c1)
- [Telegram Master Bot List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uQP3f2bWuPapTn_1FUcL67jW9MwLzSjysji39pmyUxY/edit#gid=2104461983)
- [Teleprompter](https://github.com/r-darwish/Teleprompter) - Ask for user prompt using Telegram.
- [Telegram iOS](https://github.com/peter-iakovlev/Telegram-iOS)
- [mtg](https://github.com/9seconds/mtg) - Bullshit-free MTPROTO proxy for Telegram.
- [Minute Hack: Get SSH login notification on Telegram](https://8192.one/post/ssh_login_notification_withtelegram/)
- [Telegram Desktop](https://github.com/telegramdesktop/tdesktop) - Complete source code and the build instructions for the alpha version of the official desktop client for the Telegram messenger.
- [Informer](https://github.com/paulpierre/informer) - Telegram Mass Surveillance Bot in Python. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21750353))
- [Awesome Telegram](https://github.com/ebertti/awesome-telegram#readme) - Collection great groups, channels, bots and libraries for Telegram.
- [List of telegram groups, channels & bots](https://github.com/goq/telegram-list#readme)
- [Telegram Bot Code Samples](https://core.telegram.org/bots/samples)
- [Awesome Telegram](https://github.com/serhii-londar/awesome-telegram#readme)
- [The Evolution of Telegram](https://telegram.org/evolution)
