programming-languages/scala/scala-libraries.md, before:

# Scala libraries

## Web

- [Slinky](https://github.com/shadaj/slinky) - Framework for writing React apps in Scala with an experience just like using ES6.

## CLI

- [decline](https://github.com/bkirwi/decline) - Composable command-line parser for Scala.

## FP

- [Cats](https://github.com/typelevel/cats) - Lightweight, modular, and extensible library for functional programming.
- [shapeless](https://github.com/milessabin/shapeless) - Generic programming for Scala.

## DB

- [ScalikeJDBC](https://github.com/scalikejdbc/scalikejdbc) - Tidy SQL-based DB access library for Scala that naturally wraps JDBC and provides easy-to-use APIs.
- [Skunk](https://github.com/tpolecat/skunk) - Data access library for Scala + Postgres.

## Other

- [sup](https://github.com/kubukoz/sup) - Composable, purely functional healthchecks in Scala.
- [Monocle](https://github.com/julien-truffaut/Monocle) - Optics library for Scala.
- [Skunk](https://github.com/tpolecat/skunk) - Data access library for Scala + Postgres.
- [Scala STM](https://nbronson.github.io/scala-stm/) - Lightweight software transactional memory for Scala, inspired by the STMs in Haskell and Clojure while taking advantage of Scala’s power and performance.
- [Scalaz](https://github.com/scalaz/scalaz) - Principled Functional Programming in Scala.
- [ZIO](https://github.com/zio/zio) - Type-safe, composable library for asynchronous and concurrent programming in Scala.
- [Matryoshka](https://github.com/slamdata/matryoshka) - Generalized recursion schemes and traversals for Scala.
- [Scrimage](https://github.com/sksamuel/scrimage) - Scala image processing library.
- [Fastring](https://github.com/Atry/fastring) - Extremely fast string formatting.
- [Compute.scala](https://github.com/ThoughtWorksInc/Compute.scala) - Scientific computing with N-dimensional arrays.
- [Finatra](https://github.com/twitter/finatra) - Fast, testable, Scala services built on TwitterServer and Finagle.
- [Freestyle](https://github.com/frees-io/freestyle) - Cohesive & pragmatic framework of FP centric Scala libraries.
- [Deequ](https://github.com/awslabs/deequ) - Library built on top of Apache Spark for defining "unit tests for data", which measure data quality in large datasets.

## Links

- [Scaladex](https://index.scala-lang.org/) - Scala Package Index. ([Code](https://github.com/scalacenter/scaladex))

Commit message:

pen-plotting color distributed-systems cpu statistics peer-to-peer nlp elixir-libraries julia-libraries scala-libraries swift-libraries research-papers robots roam-research video

programming-languages/scala/scala-libraries.md, after:

# Scala libraries

## Web

- [Slinky](https://github.com/shadaj/slinky) - Framework for writing React apps in Scala with an experience just like using ES6.

## CLI

- [decline](https://github.com/bkirwi/decline) - Composable command-line parser for Scala.

## FP

- [Cats](https://github.com/typelevel/cats) - Lightweight, modular, and extensible library for functional programming.
- [shapeless](https://github.com/milessabin/shapeless) - Generic programming for Scala.

## DB

- [ScalikeJDBC](https://github.com/scalikejdbc/scalikejdbc) - Tidy SQL-based DB access library for Scala that naturally wraps JDBC and provides easy-to-use APIs.
- [Skunk](https://github.com/tpolecat/skunk) - Data access library for Scala + Postgres.

## Other

- [sup](https://github.com/kubukoz/sup) - Composable, purely functional healthchecks in Scala.
- [Monocle](https://github.com/julien-truffaut/Monocle) - Optics library for Scala.
- [Skunk](https://github.com/tpolecat/skunk) - Data access library for Scala + Postgres.
- [Scala STM](https://nbronson.github.io/scala-stm/) - Lightweight software transactional memory for Scala, inspired by the STMs in Haskell and Clojure while taking advantage of Scala’s power and performance.
- [Scalaz](https://github.com/scalaz/scalaz) - Principled Functional Programming in Scala.
- [ZIO](https://github.com/zio/zio) - Type-safe, composable library for asynchronous and concurrent programming in Scala.
- [Matryoshka](https://github.com/slamdata/matryoshka) - Generalized recursion schemes and traversals for Scala.
- [Scrimage](https://github.com/sksamuel/scrimage) - Scala image processing library.
- [Fastring](https://github.com/Atry/fastring) - Extremely fast string formatting.
- [Compute.scala](https://github.com/ThoughtWorksInc/Compute.scala) - Scientific computing with N-dimensional arrays.
- [Finatra](https://github.com/twitter/finatra) - Fast, testable, Scala services built on TwitterServer and Finagle.
- [Freestyle](https://github.com/frees-io/freestyle) - Cohesive & pragmatic framework of FP centric Scala libraries.
- [Deequ](https://github.com/awslabs/deequ) - Library built on top of Apache Spark for defining "unit tests for data", which measure data quality in large datasets.
- [Izumi](https://github.com/7mind/izumi) - Ecosystem of independent libraries and frameworks allowing you to significantly increase productivity of your Scala development.

## Links

- [Scaladex](https://index.scala-lang.org/) - Scala Package Index. ([Code](https://github.com/scalacenter/scaladex))
