cloud-computing/cloud-computing.md, before:

# Cloud computing

## ML

- [Paperspace](https://www.paperspace.com/) - Effortless infrastructure for Machine Learning and Data Science.
- [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/) - Has generous [free tier](https://cloud.google.com/free/).
- [Amazon SageMaker](https://aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/) - Build, train, and deploy machine learning models at scale.
  - [Tutorial](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/whatis.html)
  - [Sagemaker examples](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-sagemaker-examples)
- [Google Cloud Developer Cheat Sheet](https://medium.com/google-cloud/the-google-cloud-developer-cheat-sheet-429775bd6d11)
- [HN: Cloud Computing Without Containers](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18415708)

## Servers

- [Prgmr](https://prgmr.com/xen/) - Linux & BSD virtual private servers.
- [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/)
- [Scaleway](https://www.scaleway.com/en/) - Cloud instances delivered in seconds with backup, network and security options.
- [Feral Hosting](https://www.feralhosting.com/pricing)

## Other

- [Nanobox](https://nanobox.io/) - Run any app on any cloud.

## Links

- [What does Unsplash cost in 2019?](https://medium.com/unsplash/what-does-unsplash-cost-in-2019-f499620a14d0) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19827521))
- [pack](https://github.com/buildpack/pack) - Local CLI for building apps using Cloud Native Buildpacks.
- [Common solutions and tools developed by Google Cloud's Professional Services team](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services#readme)
- [Google Cloud Developer's Cheat Sheet](https://github.com/gregsramblings/google-cloud-4-words#readme)
- [Awesome Cloud Build](https://github.com/Timtech4u/awesome-cloudbuild#readme) - Curated list of resources about all things Google Cloud Build.

Commit message:

SUMMARY generative-art bioinformatics biology aws cloud-computing computer-graphics svg ethereum databases postgresql tailwind-css keyboards knowledge-graphs ml-libraries reinforcement-learning statistics microservices networking github-actions linux operating-systems windows wiki-workflow assembly cpp go-libraries haskell-libraries js-libraries python-libraries python r rust-libraries rust swift-libraries typescript-libraries embedded-systems reverse-engineering sex security tools video cms writing

cloud-computing/cloud-computing.md, after:

# Cloud computing

## ML

- [Paperspace](https://www.paperspace.com/) - Effortless infrastructure for Machine Learning and Data Science.
- [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/) - Has generous [free tier](https://cloud.google.com/free/).
- [Amazon SageMaker](https://aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/) - Build, train, and deploy machine learning models at scale.
  - [Tutorial](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/whatis.html)
  - [Sagemaker examples](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-sagemaker-examples)
- [Google Cloud Developer Cheat Sheet](https://medium.com/google-cloud/the-google-cloud-developer-cheat-sheet-429775bd6d11)
- [HN: Cloud Computing Without Containers](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18415708)

## Servers

- [Prgmr](https://prgmr.com/xen/) - Linux & BSD virtual private servers.
- [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/)
- [Scaleway](https://www.scaleway.com/en/) - Cloud instances delivered in seconds with backup, network and security options.
- [Feral Hosting](https://www.feralhosting.com/pricing)

## Web

- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) - Build, test, and deploy globally with Netlify’s all-in-one platform for modern web projects. ([CLI](https://github.com/netlify/cli))
- [Zeit Now](https://zeit.co/) - Optimal workflow for frontend teams. All-in-one: Static and JAMstack deployment, Serverless Functions, and Global CDN.

## Other

- [Nanobox](https://nanobox.io/) - Run any app on any cloud.

## Links

- [What does Unsplash cost in 2019?](https://medium.com/unsplash/what-does-unsplash-cost-in-2019-f499620a14d0) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19827521))
- [pack](https://github.com/buildpack/pack) - Local CLI for building apps using Cloud Native Buildpacks.
- [Common solutions and tools developed by Google Cloud's Professional Services team](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services#readme)
- [Google Cloud Developer's Cheat Sheet](https://github.com/gregsramblings/google-cloud-4-words#readme)
- [Awesome Cloud Build](https://github.com/Timtech4u/awesome-cloudbuild#readme) - Curated list of resources about all things Google Cloud Build.
