text-editors/emacs/emacs-packages.md, before:

# Emacs packages

## Other

- [company-mode](https://github.com/company-mode/company-mode) - Modular in-buffer completion framework for Emacs.
- [CIDER](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/cider) - Clojure Interactive Development Environment that Rocks for Emacs.
- [Lispy](https://github.com/abo-abo/lispy) - Short and sweet LISP editing.
- [Eglot](https://github.com/joaotavora/eglot) - Client for Language Server Protocol servers.
- [use-package](https://github.com/jwiegley/use-package) - Macro allows you to isolate package configuration in your .emacs file .
- [Org Roam](https://github.com/jethrokuan/org-roam) - Rudimentary Roam replica with Org-mode. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22767658))
- [org-journal](https://github.com/bastibe/org-journal) - Simple org-mode based journaling mode.
- [dumb-jump](https://github.com/jacktasia/dumb-jump) - Emacs "jump to definition" package for 40+ languages.

## Elm

- [elm-mode](https://github.com/jcollard/elm-mode) - Elm mode for emacs.

## Clojure

- [inf-clojure](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/inf-clojure) - Basic interaction with a Clojure subprocess.

## Links

- [straight.el](https://github.com/raxod502/straight.el) - Next-generation, purely functional package manager for the Emacs hacker.
- [Good Style in modern Emacs Packages](https://zge.us.to/emacs-style.html) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/8yvyz9/good_style_modern_emacs_packages))

Commit message:

design-inspiration go rust space emacs-packages

text-editors/emacs/emacs-packages.md, after:

# Emacs packages

## Other

- [company-mode](https://github.com/company-mode/company-mode) - Modular in-buffer completion framework for Emacs.
- [CIDER](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/cider) - Clojure Interactive Development Environment that Rocks for Emacs.
- [Lispy](https://github.com/abo-abo/lispy) - Short and sweet LISP editing.
- [Eglot](https://github.com/joaotavora/eglot) - Client for Language Server Protocol servers.
- [use-package](https://github.com/jwiegley/use-package) - Macro allows you to isolate package configuration in your .emacs file .
- [Org Roam](https://github.com/jethrokuan/org-roam) - Rudimentary Roam replica with Org-mode. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22767658))
- [org-journal](https://github.com/bastibe/org-journal) - Simple org-mode based journaling mode.
- [dumb-jump](https://github.com/jacktasia/dumb-jump) - Emacs "jump to definition" package for 40+ languages.
- [which-key](https://github.com/justbur/emacs-which-key) - Emacs package that displays available keybindings in popup.

## Elm

- [elm-mode](https://github.com/jcollard/elm-mode) - Elm mode for emacs.

## Clojure

- [inf-clojure](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/inf-clojure) - Basic interaction with a Clojure subprocess.

## Links

- [straight.el](https://github.com/raxod502/straight.el) - Next-generation, purely functional package manager for the Emacs hacker.
- [Good Style in modern Emacs Packages](https://zge.us.to/emacs-style.html) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/8yvyz9/good_style_modern_emacs_packages))
