programming/interactive-computing/jupyter-notebooks.md, before:

# [Jupyter Notebooks](https://jupyter.org/)

## Extensions

- [jupyter-scribe](https://github.com/jupytercalpoly/jupyterlab-richtext-mode) - Extension that transforms Markdown cells into rich text-editing cells, powered by ProseMirror.
- [Matplotlib Jupyter](https://github.com/matplotlib/jupyter-matplotlib) - Leveraging the Jupyter interactive widgets framework, jupyter-matplotlib enables the interactive features of matplotlib in the Jupyter notebook and in Jupyterlab.
- [Variable Inspector extension for JupyterLab](https://github.com/lckr/jupyterlab-variableInspector)
- [Jupyter Sphinx](https://github.com/jupyter/jupyter-sphinx) - Sphinx extension for rendering of Jupyter interactive widgets.
- [Dask JupyterLab Extension](https://github.com/dask/dask-labextension) - Provides a JupyterLab extension to manage Dask clusters, as well as embed Dask's dashboard plots directly into JupyterLab panes.
- [JupyterLab debugger UI extension](https://github.com/jupyterlab/debugger)
- [Vim notebook cell bindings for JupyterLab](https://github.com/jwkvam/jupyterlab-vim)

## Links

- [HN: Estimating Number of Jupyter Notebooks on Github (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19859484)
- [ipywidgets](https://github.com/jupyter-widgets/ipywidgets) - Interactive Widgets for the Jupyter Notebook.
- [ipyvolume](https://github.com/maartenbreddels/ipyvolume) - 3d plotting for Python in the Jupyter notebook based on IPython widgets using WebGL.
- [jupytext](https://github.com/mwouts/jupytext) - Jupyter notebooks as Markdown documents, Julia, Python or R scripts.
- [Blogger-cli](https://github.com/hemanta212/blogger-cli) - CLI tool to convert and manage jupyter notebook blogs. Proudly host your notebooks even as a static site.
- [bqplot](https://github.com/bloomberg/bqplot) - Plotting library for IPython/Jupyter Notebooks.
- [Working with Jupyter Notebooks in Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/jupyter-support)
- [Some IHaskell notebooks, provisioned using Nix](https://github.com/vaibhavsagar/notebooks)
- [ipycanvas: A Python Canvas for Jupyter (2019)](https://blog.jupyter.org/ipycanvas-a-python-canvas-for-jupyter-bbb51e4777f7)
- [nbviewer](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/) - Simple way to share Jupyter Notebooks.
- [JupyterLab](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab) - Extensible environment for interactive and reproducible computing, based on the Jupyter Notebook and Architecture.
- [Binder](https://mybinder.org/) - Turn a Git repo into a collection of interactive notebooks.
- [Part 2: Scheduling Notebooks at Netflix (2018)](https://medium.com/netflix-techblog/scheduling-notebooks-348e6c14cfd6)
- [Jupyter metapackage for installation and docs](https://github.com/jupyter/jupyter)
- [Jupyter kernels](https://github.com/jupyter/jupyter/wiki/Jupyter-kernels)
- [nbcommands](https://github.com/vinayak-mehta/nbcommands) - Unix commands for Jupyter notebooks.
- [Jupyter/IPython Kernel Tools](https://github.com/Calysto/metakernel)
- [Making Git and Jupyter Notebooks play nice (2017)](http://timstaley.co.uk/posts/making-git-and-jupyter-notebooks-play-nice/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21661013))
- [Jupyter Notebook Manifesto: Best practices that can improve the life of any developer using Jupyter notebooks](https://cloudblog.withgoogle.com/products/ai-machine-learning/best-practices-that-can-improve-the-life-of-any-developer-using-jupyter-notebooks/amp/)
- [Computational Publishing with Jupyter](https://github.com/odewahn/computational-publishing)
- [papermill](https://github.com/nteract/papermill) - Parameterize, execute, and analyze notebooks.
- [Juno](https://juno.sh/) - Complete Jupyter development environment for your iPad or iPhone.
- [Jeremy Tuloup: A Tour of JupyterLab Extensions (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pdrzhny9Lc)
- [nbdev](https://github.com/fastai/nbdev) - Create delightful python projects using Jupyter Notebooks.
- [fastprogress](https://github.com/fastai/fastprogress) - Simple and flexible progress bar for Jupyter Notebook and console.
- [nbdev template](https://github.com/fastai/nbdev_template) - Template for nbdev projects.
- [Colaboratory](https://colab.research.google.com/notebooks/welcome.ipynb) - Free Jupyter notebook environment that requires no setup and runs entirely in the cloud.
- [pyforest](https://github.com/8080labs/pyforest) - Lazy-imports all popular Python Data Science libraries so that they are always there when you need them.
- [Livebook](https://github.com/inkandswitch/livebook) - IPython notebook-compatible live coding experiment. ([Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hznPSDDF4Jk))
- [nbdime](https://github.com/jupyter/nbdime) - Tools for diffing and merging of Jupyter notebooks.
- [Real Time Collaboration for Jupyter and beyond](https://github.com/jupyterlab/rtc)
- [fastpages](https://github.com/fastai/fastpages) - Easy to use blogging platform, with support for Jupyter notebooks, Word docs, and Markdown.
- [Language Server Protocol integration for JupyterLab](https://github.com/krassowski/jupyterlab-lsp)
- [Carnets](https://github.com/holzschu/Carnets) - Stand-alone Jupyter notebook server and client. Edit your notebooks on the go, even where there is no network.
- [Jupyterlab Extensions by Examples](https://github.com/jupyterlab/extension-examples)

Commit message:

api automation viruses startups ethereum distributed-systems css-in-js ideas machine-learning microservices ssh docker kubernetes linux operating-systems other wiki-workflow cpp-libraries go java react-hooks ocaml rust-libraries rust swift-libraries unison embedded-systems jupyter-notebooks research-papers vim-plugins webassembly

programming/interactive-computing/jupyter-notebooks.md, after:

# [Jupyter Notebooks](https://jupyter.org/)

## Extensions

- [jupyter-scribe](https://github.com/jupytercalpoly/jupyterlab-richtext-mode) - Extension that transforms Markdown cells into rich text-editing cells, powered by ProseMirror.
- [Matplotlib Jupyter](https://github.com/matplotlib/jupyter-matplotlib) - Leveraging the Jupyter interactive widgets framework, jupyter-matplotlib enables the interactive features of matplotlib in the Jupyter notebook and in Jupyterlab.
- [Variable Inspector extension for JupyterLab](https://github.com/lckr/jupyterlab-variableInspector)
- [Jupyter Sphinx](https://github.com/jupyter/jupyter-sphinx) - Sphinx extension for rendering of Jupyter interactive widgets.
- [Dask JupyterLab Extension](https://github.com/dask/dask-labextension) - Provides a JupyterLab extension to manage Dask clusters, as well as embed Dask's dashboard plots directly into JupyterLab panes.
- [JupyterLab debugger UI extension](https://github.com/jupyterlab/debugger)
- [Vim notebook cell bindings for JupyterLab](https://github.com/jwkvam/jupyterlab-vim)
- [Swift-Jupyter](https://github.com/google/swift-jupyter) - Jupyter Kernel for Swift, intended to make it possible to use Jupyter with the Swift for TensorFlow project.

## Links

- [HN: Estimating Number of Jupyter Notebooks on Github (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19859484)
- [ipywidgets](https://github.com/jupyter-widgets/ipywidgets) - Interactive Widgets for the Jupyter Notebook.
- [ipyvolume](https://github.com/maartenbreddels/ipyvolume) - 3d plotting for Python in the Jupyter notebook based on IPython widgets using WebGL.
- [jupytext](https://github.com/mwouts/jupytext) - Jupyter notebooks as Markdown documents, Julia, Python or R scripts.
- [Blogger-cli](https://github.com/hemanta212/blogger-cli) - CLI tool to convert and manage jupyter notebook blogs. Proudly host your notebooks even as a static site.
- [bqplot](https://github.com/bloomberg/bqplot) - Plotting library for IPython/Jupyter Notebooks.
- [Working with Jupyter Notebooks in Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/jupyter-support)
- [Some IHaskell notebooks, provisioned using Nix](https://github.com/vaibhavsagar/notebooks)
- [ipycanvas: A Python Canvas for Jupyter (2019)](https://blog.jupyter.org/ipycanvas-a-python-canvas-for-jupyter-bbb51e4777f7)
- [nbviewer](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/) - Simple way to share Jupyter Notebooks.
- [JupyterLab](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab) - Extensible environment for interactive and reproducible computing, based on the Jupyter Notebook and Architecture.
- [Binder](https://mybinder.org/) - Turn a Git repo into a collection of interactive notebooks.
- [Part 2: Scheduling Notebooks at Netflix (2018)](https://medium.com/netflix-techblog/scheduling-notebooks-348e6c14cfd6)
- [Jupyter metapackage for installation and docs](https://github.com/jupyter/jupyter)
- [Jupyter kernels](https://github.com/jupyter/jupyter/wiki/Jupyter-kernels)
- [nbcommands](https://github.com/vinayak-mehta/nbcommands) - Unix commands for Jupyter notebooks.
- [Jupyter/IPython Kernel Tools](https://github.com/Calysto/metakernel)
- [Making Git and Jupyter Notebooks play nice (2017)](http://timstaley.co.uk/posts/making-git-and-jupyter-notebooks-play-nice/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21661013))
- [Jupyter Notebook Manifesto: Best practices that can improve the life of any developer using Jupyter notebooks](https://cloudblog.withgoogle.com/products/ai-machine-learning/best-practices-that-can-improve-the-life-of-any-developer-using-jupyter-notebooks/amp/)
- [Computational Publishing with Jupyter](https://github.com/odewahn/computational-publishing)
- [papermill](https://github.com/nteract/papermill) - Parameterize, execute, and analyze notebooks.
- [Juno](https://juno.sh/) - Complete Jupyter development environment for your iPad or iPhone.
- [Jeremy Tuloup: A Tour of JupyterLab Extensions (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pdrzhny9Lc)
- [nbdev](https://github.com/fastai/nbdev) - Create delightful python projects using Jupyter Notebooks.
- [fastprogress](https://github.com/fastai/fastprogress) - Simple and flexible progress bar for Jupyter Notebook and console.
- [nbdev template](https://github.com/fastai/nbdev_template) - Template for nbdev projects.
- [Colaboratory](https://colab.research.google.com/notebooks/welcome.ipynb) - Free Jupyter notebook environment that requires no setup and runs entirely in the cloud.
- [pyforest](https://github.com/8080labs/pyforest) - Lazy-imports all popular Python Data Science libraries so that they are always there when you need them.
- [Livebook](https://github.com/inkandswitch/livebook) - IPython notebook-compatible live coding experiment. ([Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hznPSDDF4Jk))
- [nbdime](https://github.com/jupyter/nbdime) - Tools for diffing and merging of Jupyter notebooks.
- [Real Time Collaboration for Jupyter and beyond](https://github.com/jupyterlab/rtc)
- [fastpages](https://github.com/fastai/fastpages) - Easy to use blogging platform, with support for Jupyter notebooks, Word docs, and Markdown.
- [Language Server Protocol integration for JupyterLab](https://github.com/krassowski/jupyterlab-lsp)
- [Carnets](https://github.com/holzschu/Carnets) - Stand-alone Jupyter notebook server and client. Edit your notebooks on the go, even where there is no network.
- [Jupyterlab Extensions by Examples](https://github.com/jupyterlab/extension-examples)
