health/nutrition/supplements.md, before:

# Supplements

Supplements I take are inspired by [Rhonda Patrick](https://fastlifehacks.com/dr-rhonda-patricks-supplements-list/).

### Taken daily (or with break)

- [Magnesium](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Thorne-Research-Magnesium-Citramate-Vegetarian/dp/B0797SJ88Y) (1 capsule)
- [Omega 3 Fish Oil](https://www.amazon.co.uk/1000mg-Softgels-Supply-Balanced-Contaminant/dp/B01BFIHWDS) (1 capsule)
- [Multivitamin](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Multivitamins-Multivitamin-Vegetarians-Nu-Nutrition/dp/B01IFGDNVS) (1 capsule) (with break)
- [Vitamin D3](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Supplement-Absorption-Cholecalciferol-Nu-Nutrition/dp/B01NC3DJK7) (1 capsule) (with break)
- [Sulforaphane](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Jarrow-Formulas-Broccomax-Vcaps-Capsules/dp/B01D15LMCK) (1 capsule) (with break)
- [Lions Mane](https://oriveda.co.uk/lions-mane.php) (1 capsule) (with break)

Everything else I get from eating [whole food plant based food](foods.md). Most important supplements from above is Magnesium and D3.

## Links

- [Optimum Nutrition Recommendations](https://nutritionfacts.org/2011/09/12/dr-gregers-2011-optimum-nutrition-recommendations/)
- [WFPB supplements (2019)](https://www.reddit.com/r/PlantBasedDiet/comments/ac6w9v/vitamins/)
- [Health benefits of lion's mane mushroom (2018)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p02umCRoFas)
- [Beginner's Guide to Nootropics](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nootropics/wiki/beginners)
- [Magnesium and major depression (2011)](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK507265/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20181855))
- [What are your essential supplements? Like if you could only take a few each day what would you pick? (2019)](https://www.reddit.com/r/Supplements/comments/bwhhro/what_are_your_essential_supplements_like_if_you/)
- [What are the nootropics that are currently believed to be the best at increasing neurogenesis/BDNF? (2019)](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nootropics/comments/c2kec5/what_are_the_nootropics_that_are_currently/)
- [What are supplements/nootropics (almost) everyone should be taking? (2019)](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nootropics/comments/cskqi5/what_are_supplementsnootropics_almost_everyone/)
- [Oriveda](https://oriveda.co.uk/) - Has great Lions Mane.
- [Dr Rhonda Patrick Supplements List](https://fastlifehacks.com/dr-rhonda-patricks-supplements-list/)
- [Paul Stamets: Psilocybin Mushrooms & The Mycology of Consciousness (2017)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFWxWq0Fv0U)
- [Jed Fahey, Sc.D. on Isothiocyanates, the Nrf2 Pathway, Moringa & Sulforaphane Supplementation (2017)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0lBVCpq8jc)

Commit message:

SUMMARY analytics funding computer-graphics svg data-science fonts icons strength-training focusing habits rules foods nutrition supplements looking-back timing neural-networks buddhism newsletters web-presence wiki-workflow python software-architecture my-workflow tracking sleep sublime-text-plugins vim-plugins vs-code-extensions tools communication

health/nutrition/supplements.md, after:

# Supplements

Supplements I take are inspired by [Rhonda Patrick](https://fastlifehacks.com/dr-rhonda-patricks-supplements-list/).

### Taken daily (or with break)

- [Magnesium](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Thorne-Research-Magnesium-Citramate-Vegetarian/dp/B0797SJ88Y) (1 capsule)
- [Omega 3 Fish Oil](https://www.amazon.co.uk/1000mg-Softgels-Supply-Balanced-Contaminant/dp/B01BFIHWDS) (1 capsule)
- [Multivitamin](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Multivitamins-Multivitamin-Vegetarians-Nu-Nutrition/dp/B01IFGDNVS) (1 capsule) (with break)
- [Vitamin D3](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Supplement-Absorption-Cholecalciferol-Nu-Nutrition/dp/B01NC3DJK7) (1 capsule) (with break)
- [Sulforaphane](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Jarrow-Formulas-Broccomax-Vcaps-Capsules/dp/B01D15LMCK) (1 capsule) (with break)
- [Lions Mane](https://oriveda.co.uk/lions-mane.php) (1 capsule) (with break)

Everything else I get from eating [whole food plant based food](foods.md). Most important supplements from above is Magnesium and D3 and I pretty much get all my nutrition macro/micros from real food so there is no need for any supplements.

I try to minimize the number of things my body has to process and maximize the quality of food I eat (natural, whole food). I also fast but not routinely.

## Links

- [Optimum Nutrition Recommendations](https://nutritionfacts.org/2011/09/12/dr-gregers-2011-optimum-nutrition-recommendations/)
- [WFPB supplements (2019)](https://www.reddit.com/r/PlantBasedDiet/comments/ac6w9v/vitamins/)
- [Health benefits of lion's mane mushroom (2018)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p02umCRoFas)
- [Beginner's Guide to Nootropics](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nootropics/wiki/beginners)
- [Magnesium and major depression (2011)](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK507265/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20181855))
- [What are your essential supplements? Like if you could only take a few each day what would you pick? (2019)](https://www.reddit.com/r/Supplements/comments/bwhhro/what_are_your_essential_supplements_like_if_you/)
- [What are the nootropics that are currently believed to be the best at increasing neurogenesis/BDNF? (2019)](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nootropics/comments/c2kec5/what_are_the_nootropics_that_are_currently/)
- [What are supplements/nootropics (almost) everyone should be taking? (2019)](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nootropics/comments/cskqi5/what_are_supplementsnootropics_almost_everyone/)
- [Oriveda](https://oriveda.co.uk/) - Has great Lions Mane.
- [Dr Rhonda Patrick Supplements List](https://fastlifehacks.com/dr-rhonda-patricks-supplements-list/)
- [Paul Stamets: Psilocybin Mushrooms & The Mycology of Consciousness (2017)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFWxWq0Fv0U)
- [Jed Fahey, Sc.D. on Isothiocyanates, the Nrf2 Pathway, Moringa & Sulforaphane Supplementation (2017)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0lBVCpq8jc)
