research-papers/research-papers.md, before:

# Research papers

I keep a [Trello board](https://trello.com/b/EKl1Ie3q) of research papers I am reading and want to read.

Below is a list of research papers I read with a link to my own notes of the paper.

## 2017

- [A view of mathematics](a-view-of-mathematics.md)

# Recommendations

- [Papers we love](https://github.com/papers-we-love/papers-we-love)
- [Ask HN: What are some interesting papers in CS for a beginner?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15695326)
- [HN best papers 2017](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16035402)
- [Some more papers to read](https://lobste.rs/s/npo38i/what_are_some_good_interesting_papers_cs)
- [Favorite Haskell papers](https://www.reddit.com/r/haskell/comments/6fj21f/favorite_haskell_papers/)
- [Collection of various research papers](https://github.com/dterei/Research-Papers)
- [Rasmus Andersson's favorite papers](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/is0sy5350lr4v9j/AADQlhVSQcRw6vCNKQgGWelqa)
- [Veit Heller's reading list](https://github.com/hellerve/ptolemy)
- [FP papers](https://github.com/sdiehl/papers)
- [Pawel Szulc's liked papers](https://github.com/rabbitonweb/papers_i_love#readme)
- [Computer science and computer-adjacent papers (and sometimes books) that have influenced me deeply](https://github.com/fogus/papers-i-love)
- [Collaboratived repository to put all computer science papers that we thing everyone must read](https://github.com/leomindez/papers-you-must-read#readme)

## Links

- [Arxiv Vanity](https://www.arxiv-vanity.com/) - Renders academic papers from Arxiv as responsive web pages.
- [Fermat’s Library](https://fermatslibrary.com/) - Software to help illuminate academic papers.
- [Fatcat](https://fatcat.wiki/) - Versioned, user-editable catalog of research publications: journal articles, conference proceedings, pre-prints, etc. [OSS](https://github.com/internetarchive/fatcat).
- [arxiv2remarkable.py](https://github.com/GjjvdBurg/arxiv2remarkable) - Fetch an arXiv/PubMed/ACM/OpenReview/Springer paper and send it to the reMarkable.
- [Some papers](http://worrydream.com/refs/)
- [OpenReview](https://openreview.net/) - Aims to promote openness in scientific communication, particularly the peer review process.

Commit message:

design rules depression open-source operating-systems apl redux research-papers tools remote-work

research-papers/research-papers.md, after:

# Research papers

I keep a [Trello board](https://trello.com/b/EKl1Ie3q) of research papers I am reading and want to read.

Below is a list of research papers I read with a link to my own notes of the paper.

## 2017

- [A view of mathematics](a-view-of-mathematics.md)

# Recommendations

- [Papers we love](https://github.com/papers-we-love/papers-we-love)
- [Ask HN: What are some interesting papers in CS for a beginner?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15695326)
- [HN best papers 2017](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16035402)
- [Some more papers to read](https://lobste.rs/s/npo38i/what_are_some_good_interesting_papers_cs)
- [Favorite Haskell papers](https://www.reddit.com/r/haskell/comments/6fj21f/favorite_haskell_papers/)
- [Collection of various research papers](https://github.com/dterei/Research-Papers)
- [Rasmus Andersson's favorite papers](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/is0sy5350lr4v9j/AADQlhVSQcRw6vCNKQgGWelqa)
- [Veit Heller's reading list](https://github.com/hellerve/ptolemy)
- [FP papers](https://github.com/sdiehl/papers)
- [Pawel Szulc's liked papers](https://github.com/rabbitonweb/papers_i_love#readme)
- [Computer science and computer-adjacent papers (and sometimes books) that have influenced me deeply](https://github.com/fogus/papers-i-love)
- [Collaboratived repository to put all computer science papers that we thing everyone must read](https://github.com/leomindez/papers-you-must-read#readme)
- [Exciting papers to read in the field of Computer Science (2020)](https://www.reddit.com/r/compsci/comments/ffd4xx/what_is_the_most_exciting_paper_you_have_read/)

## Links

- [Arxiv Vanity](https://www.arxiv-vanity.com/) - Renders academic papers from Arxiv as responsive web pages.
- [Fermat’s Library](https://fermatslibrary.com/) - Software to help illuminate academic papers.
- [Fatcat](https://fatcat.wiki/) - Versioned, user-editable catalog of research publications: journal articles, conference proceedings, pre-prints, etc. [OSS](https://github.com/internetarchive/fatcat).
- [arxiv2remarkable.py](https://github.com/GjjvdBurg/arxiv2remarkable) - Fetch an arXiv/PubMed/ACM/OpenReview/Springer paper and send it to the reMarkable.
- [Some papers](http://worrydream.com/refs/)
- [OpenReview](https://openreview.net/) - Aims to promote openness in scientific communication, particularly the peer review process.
